Filmmaker Jennifer Venditti follows a teenager from a small town in Maine as he grapples with the challenges of adolescence.
In 1988 the Japanese government drops an atomic bomb on Tokyo after ESP experiments on children go awry. In 2019, 31 years after nuking the city, Kaneda, a bike gang leader, tries to save his friend Tetsuo from a secret government project. He battles against anti-government activists, greedy politicians, irresponsible scientists and a powerful military leader until Tetsuo's supernatural power suddenly manifest. A final battle is fought in Tokyo Olympiad exposing the experiment's secrets.
In 1966, single-mother Helen Reddy leaves her old life in Australia for New York and stardom, only to find that the industry doesn't take her seriously.
A dedicated teacher inspires a group of Latinx and Black teens to become chess champions.
An animated frog becomes a symbol of hate.
A Mexican trans woman struggles to build a life for herself as an undocumented immigrant in New York City.
Mental health professionals discuss the behavior and stability of President Donald Trump.
The ruler of the future tells best friends Bill and Ted they must compose a new song to save life as we know it. But instead of writing it, they decide to travel through time to steal it from their older selves. Meanwhile, their young daughters devise their own musical scheme to help their fathers bring harmony to the universe.
A rising young filmmaker is thrown into emotional turmoil by a burgeoning romance and the upcoming premiere of his second feature.
Branded as the most hated man in wrestling after winning a highly controversial WCW World Heavyweight Championship in 2000, actor David Arquette attempts a rocky return to the sport that stalled his promising Hollywood career. Dangerously determined to redeem his reputation and reclaim his self-respect, Arquette will stop at nothing to earn his place in professional wrestling.
Struggling young lovers Tom and Eve must endure a 30-day scientific experiment: room, board, $50,000, and a month -- with only themselves -- in a research facility.
Members of the Army's all-Black 24th Infantry Regiment become involved in a deadly riot in Houston in 1917.
Summoned to a secluded research facility, a controversial young doctor examines a cosmonaut who returned to Earth with an alien parasite inside of him.
Thirsty for a following, a rideshare driver has figured out a deadly plan to go viral.
This documentary concert film captures the sounds and performances of some of the major jazz artists at the 1958 Newport Jazz Festival. Unlike earlier jazz movies that had been filmed in smoky black and white, this is shot in vibrant color. While musicians such as Louis Armstrong, Thelonious Monk, Anita O'Day and Mahalia Jackson perform, images of beaches, sailboats on water, dancing couples and the faces of joyful audience members are intercut into the proceedings.
Fantasy collides with reality when a video-game store clerk accidentally unleashes an ancient malevolent force.
Terror strikes when a man-eating roadie joins a bassist and her punk-rock band on their first tour.
A man retires to solitary life in the Norwegian woods after the death of his wife, but the past resurfaces.
A former boxer cares for his autistic son while working as an enforcer for a family of drug dealers in rural Ireland.
At a defining moment in American history, a scrappy team of heroic ACLU lawyers battles for abortion rights, immigrant rights, LGBTQ rights and voting rights.
Upon his release, an ex-convict sets out to fulfill his dream of becoming a world-renowned motivational speaker.
A Catholic girl finds herself having tempting thoughts after an AOL chat turns unexpectedly racy.
In 2038 a man hopes to reunite with his dead wife by building a human-equivalent A.I.
Four Japanese orphans form a rock band.
Members of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster fight for their religious beliefs and freedom.
A small unit of U.S. soldiers, alone at the remote Combat Outpost Keating, located deep in the valley of three mountains in Afghanistan, battles an overwhelming force of Taliban fighters in a coordinated attack. The Battle of Kamdesh became the bloodiest American engagement of the Afghanistan War in 2009, and Bravo Troop 3-61 CAV became one of the most decorated units of the 19-year conflict.
Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) fights for civil rights, voting rights, gun control, health care reform and immigration.
Trailblazing musician Suzi Quatro becomes the first woman to write songs, play an instrument and sing for a rock 'n' roll band.
A man who believes he had an alien encounter when he was 10 years old tries to re-create the experience as an adult.
The intimate video diary of Shannon Hoon, the late lead singer of alt-rock band Blind Melon.
In 1994 Seoul when the Seongsu Bridge collapses, 14-year-old Eunhee wanders the city and searches for love.
A former beauty queen and single mom prepares her rebellious teenage daughter for the "Miss Juneteenth" pageant.
A teenager has to confront the reality of life on the road after tragedy strikes.
An aimless slacker dreams of becoming a tattoo artist while living with his mother and hanging out with his friends in Staten Island, N.Y.
Complications arise when a young Black woman agrees to become a surrogate mother for a gay, interracial couple.
A 16th-century puppeteer seeks revenge against her drunken and abusive husband after an unforgivable act of violence.
Hoping to launch his career, a rookie defense lawyer takes on the mysterious case of a prominent industrialist who's accused of murder.
Gina's life is given new purpose when she meets a young guitar prodigy. Convinced the boy is her reincarnated brother, frontman for Army of Love, she sets out to get the band back together.
After being released from prison, a young man reluctantly embarks on a journey with his estranged father to spread his mother's ashes in her native Ireland.
Czech artist Barbora Kysilkova develops an unlikely friendship with the man who stole two of her paintings.
Faced with their loved ones serving in Afghanistan, women from different backgrounds come together to form the very first military wives choir, helping each other through some of life's most difficult moments on an international stage.
In New York City's Chinatown, a Chinese grandma goes all in at the casino, landing herself on the wrong side of luck.
A behind-the-scenes look at the making of "Ghost in the Noonday Sun" with Peter Sellers.
Maggie is the overworked personal assistant to Grace Davis, a superstar singer whose talent and ego have reached unbelievable heights. Stuck running errands, Maggie still wants to fulfill her childhood dream of becoming a music producer. But when Grace's manager presents her with a choice that could alter the course of her career, Maggie and Grace come up with a plan that could change both of their lives forever.
In 1991 eight visionaries embark on a two-year experiment to quarantine themselves inside Biosphere 2 -- a self-engineered replica of Earth's ecosystem.
A recently widowed young mother will go to great lengths to protect her children as she seeks the truth behind her husband's murder.
Several undocumented youths deliberately get detained by the Border Patrol to infiltrate a for-profit detention center.
When Ruka was younger, she saw a ghost in the water at the aquarium where her dad works. Now she feels drawn toward the aquarium and the two mysterious boys she meets there, Umi and Sora.
A 12-year-old boy from Brooklyn cooks to unite his half Israeli and half Palestinian family.
A police chief becomes obsessed with finding out if his dead wife was having an affair.
Activists work to rid gerrymandering from America's election process.
A couple are about to find out if their relationship has an expiration date.
Filmmaker Justin Pemberton examines issues related to wealth, power, poverty and inequality.
Kenny Sailors popularizes the jump shot in professional basketball and revolutionizes the sport for women.
An exploration of the impact of high quality preschool education.
Fighting his way north to free himself and his family, outlaw slave Shields "Emperor" Green joins forces with abolitionist John Brown for a daring raid in Harpers Ferry, W.Va., in 1859.
An older factory worker continues to work during a shutdown.
Digging through his father's home videos, a young man reconstructs the story of his boyhood and recalls the abuse he suffered through.
After a messy break-up with her high school boyfriend, April strikes up an unexpected friendship with his new girlfriend, Clara.
A man's obsession with his designer deerskin jacket causes him to blow his life savings and turn to crime.
In a near-abandoned subdivision west of Houston, a wayward teen runs headlong into her equally willful and unforgiving neighbor, an aging bullfighter who's seen his best days in the arena; it's a collision that will change them both.
A woman who dreams of becoming a comic meets a washed up and burned out comedian in a small snowbound border town.
Best friends Timmy and Marco go to the same high school in Peckham, but live in neighboring London boroughs. When Marco gets beaten up by one of Timmy's primary school friends, the two boys wind up on rival sides of a never-ending cycle of gang wars in which there are no winners -- only hapless victims.
Detective Phryne Fisher embarks on a globe-trotting adventure to uncover priceless treasures, wartime secrets and an ancient tomb that holds a terrible curse.
In 1972, as Vietnam War protests and racial tensions rise, a recent college graduate spends his summer working in a psychiatric hospital where he falls for a beautiful patient.
Facing expulsion from college over a misunderstanding, a bipolar student and a moonlighting porn actress, hatch a scheme to prove his innocence.
A couple learn their apartment is being used for a deranged cult's ritualistic suicides.
Sentenced to a South African prison for 12 years, anti-apartheid activist Tim Jenkin and his fellow inmates devise a daring plan to escape.
A young housewife in a seemingly perfect marriage develops pica, the irresistible urge to ingest inedible objects and material.
A spoiled rich girl is sent to work for her family's toy business in China after she is cut off by her father for blowing through most of her trust fund.
After claiming that her newborn was stolen by a cult, a young woman is committed to a psychiatric hospital.
Pushed to his breaking point, a master welder quietly fortifies a bulldozer and systematically destroys numerous businesses and homes in the small mountain town of Granby, Colo.
After an abortion, a deadbeat nanny finds friendship with the 6-year-old she's hired to watch.
Chronicles homelessness in the United States from the points of view of homeless people, politicians and charitable organizations.
An aspiring director's dream job quickly descends into a nightmare when he is forced to film a real-life murder.
On a summer night in Harlem during her last months at home before starting college, 17-year-old poet Ayanna begins a summer romance with Isaiah, a music producer who has just moved to the city.
A precocious teenager in a family shelter wages war to keep her sisters together while she pursues her dreams of being a dancer.
A surfer and a firefighter meet and fall in love.
The continuing adventures of Shaun the sheep and friends.
A typical night for veterans at a VFW turns into an all-out battle for survival when a desperate teen runs into the bar with a bag of stolen drugs. When a gang of violent punks come looking for her, the vets use every weapon at their disposal to protect the girl and themselves from an unrelenting attack.
A divorced mother and her daughter must contend with living in the same house as the ex-husband's second wife and daughter following his unexpected death.
A young Iranian-American woman goes to great lengths to appease her parents and their need to see her settled down.
A traveling nurse takes three disabled men on a road trip to Montreal so they can lose their virginity at a brothel.
Six of the best table soccer players in the world prepare for The Tornado World Championships.
Pop singer Taylor Swift reveals intimate details of her life while showcasing backstage and onstage concert footage.
Tommaso Buscetta becomes the first Mafia informant in 1980s Sicily.
During World War II in Leningrad, the siege of the city is finally over, but life and death struggles continue in the wreckage that remains. Two young women search for meaning and hope during their struggle to rebuild their lives amongst the ruins.
When Frank goes out on the town to celebrate an upcoming promotion, his night takes an unexpected and bizarre turn when he is dosed with a hallucinogen that alters his perception and changes his life forever.
A 12-year-old boy accidentally records television shows over his parent's wedding tape.
A desperate young man possessing special powers clashes with a police force after committing a petty crime.
The artistic evolution of Merce Cunningham -- from his early years as a struggling dancer in postwar New York to his emergence as one of the world's most visionary choreographers.
Filmmaker Pamela Littky follows four young adults as they navigate their lives over the course of 10 years.
In Mexico City's wealthiest neighborhoods, the Ochoa family runs a private ambulance. As they try to make a living in this cutthroat industry, they struggle to keep their financial needs from compromising the people in their care.
Strange occurrences plague a small-town detective and his family as he investigates the disappearance of a boy.
Behind the Vatican walls, Pope Benedict and the future Pope Francis must find common ground to forge a new path for the Catholic Church.
After the bodies of his friends feeling Senegal for Europe wash up on a shore, a young woman assumes that her missing lover is dead.
A severed hand escapes from a dissection lab, determined to find its body again.
The Oliverio family readies its Feast of the Seven Fishes, an Italian Christmas tradition stretching back to the old country.
A desperate postman accidentally brings about the genesis of Santa Claus.
Australian and New Zealand soldiers face overwhelming odds as they fight for their lives during the Battle of Long Tan in Vietnam.
British artist L.S. Lowry pursues his creative goals while living with his overbearing, bitter and bedridden mother.
When an ex-convict finds an abandoned baby in a dumpster, he gains a new lease on life, deciding to dedicate himself to making sure the child has a good life.
Young women must band together to escape from a seemingly idyllic island that holds a sinister secret.
From "Reservoir Dogs" to "The Hateful Eight," actors and collaborators examine the first eight films from acclaimed director/screenwriter Quentin Tarantino.
An elephant mother leads her herd across an unforgiving African landscape filled with vibrant wildlife.
A teenager wakes up from a coma after surviving a motorcycle accident.
Three childhood friends question their lives.
Jesse Pinkman flees from the police and tries to escape his inner turmoil.
Young Henry V encounters deceit, war and treachery after becoming king of England in the 15th century.
A man uses his charisma to manipulate the people around him.
Gregory Underwood (Gordon John Sinclair) is a graceless teen soccer player on a hapless team. When a girl named Dorothy (Dee Hepburn) shows up to play, things change quickly; Dorothy becomes a top player, while Gregory and the rest of the team become enamored of her. Gregory works up the courage to invite Dorothy on a date. She accepts, but Gregory finds he's been deceived into taking out another girl. Despite his confusion, Gregory eventually warms to the situation.
When teenager Alan and his younger brother find a bag of gold coins in a dead man's island home, they try to hide it from their friends -- but one of them, suspicious and violently unpredictable, is willing to do anything to get the money.
In 1926, the world's most famous evangelist, Sister Aimee Semple McPherson, fakes her own death in order to run away to Mexico, and hires Rey, a former Mexican Soldadera turned smuggler, to help them cross the border.
Terror strikes when three college students encounter a ghost on the most haunted road in America.
The upstart Bowery Slam Poetry Team, made up of five African-American, Afro-Hispanic and queer poets in their 20s, prepares for the national championships.
Roy Cohn personified the dark arts of American politics, turning empty vessels into dangerous demagogues.
After he is forced into an early retirement, a man's relationship with his wife and daughter becomes strained when he falls in love with an augmented reality companion.
A young woman from Hong Kong has to reunite with her sisters to settle debts after her father dies.
A venture capitalist discovers the sinister plans for a new, cutting-edge technology called Xtreme Virtual Reality.
Filmmaker Morgan Spurlock opens his own chicken restaurant to explore industry claims that fast food is now healthier and more natural and organic.
After her controlling husband dies, an elderly woman embarks on a trip to fulfill her longtime dream of climbing a mountain in the Scottish Highlands.
A woman begins to lose her grip on her sanity when she begins to think her daughter is still alive.
When a riot breaks out in Milwaukee, medical transport driver Vic is torn between his promise to get his relatives, a group of elderly Russians, to a funeral and his desire to help Tracy, a headstrong young black woman in a wheelchair.
An exploration of the musician's archival photos and home movies.
In post-industrial Ohio, a Chinese billionaire opens a new factory in the husk of an abandoned General Motors plant. Early days of hope and optimism give way to setbacks as high-tech China clashes with working-class America.
A girl falls in love with her finishing school headmistress, who feels the same but tries to suppress her desires.
A man and a woman start to fall for each other after they get locked inside a movie theater on their first date.
FBI informant Jim Hoffman lures troubled automobile magnate John DeLorean to an undercover sting for cocaine trafficking.
A man tries to protect his daughter from the dangers of the world after a devastating plague wipes out most of the female population.
In 1986 Mexico City, a 17-year-old boy doesn't fit in anywhere, not in his family nor with the friends he has chosen in school. But everything changes when he is invited to a mythical nightclub, where he discovers the underground nightlife scene.
After his mother's sudden death, Socrates, a 15-year-old living on the margins of São Paulo's coast, must survive on his own while coming to terms with his grief.
A high school teacher goes to disturbing lengths to protect his favorite students from bullies.
Two unwanted guests threaten a young woman and her overbearing mother at a small bed-and-breakfast near the U.S.-Mexico border.
A young man makes the dangerous choice to leave the white supremacist gang he joined as a teenager. With his former friends against him, he is determined to create a new life for himself -- if he can make it out alive.
A lonely widower lies about his age to enter a lottery for a once-in-a-lifetime chance to travel on the first commercial flight to outer space. When his name gets drawn, he soon finds himself preparing for the ultimate adventure of his dreams.
The dark world of data exploitation is uncovered through the unpredictable personal journeys of players on different sides of the explosive Cambridge Analytica/Facebook data story.
After a confrontation with a local gang results in an accidental fatality, a once-promising baseball player spends the next 17 years in prison. Upon his release, he seeks redemption, landing a job assisting his former minor league baseball coach, rekindling his old relationship and maybe even getting a second chance to play his way back to the major leagues.
Interviews and never-before-seen footage highlight the incredible life of astronaut Neil Armstrong -- from his near-death experiences as a fighter pilot and test pilot to his historic Apollo 11 mission to the moon.
A cantankerous pawnshop owner and his man-child employee team up with an out-of-town couple who are trying to hawk a Civil War-era sword inherited from a recently deceased grandfather. The sword comes with a convoluted report claiming the relic is proof that the South won the war. It isn't long before the item draws the attention of enthusiastic conspiracy theorists who are anxious to get their hands on the coveted sword.
A former prostitute tries to help a woman save her 15-year-old daughter from a human trafficking ring.
The riots that followed the arrests at New York City's Stonewall Inn in 1969 are widely considered to be a major development in the history of gay and lesbian rights in America. This documentary investigates national cultural perceptions of homosexuality before the event, looking back on previous decades, particularly in regard to conflicts with police and censorship. In addition to interviews with activists and scholars, the film includes the reflections of renowned writer Allen Ginsberg.
A 9-year-old boy, grieving with his parents over the recent loss of his baby sister, becomes obsessed with the idea that he's actually a Mongolian goat herder who belongs back home in his small village in Mongolia.
Featuring never-before-seen home movies and photographs, musician Bill Wyman opens up his vast personal archives to share stories and memories of his three-decade stint as bassist of the Rolling Stones.
A man gets a new job in a supermarket and falls in love with his married co-worker.
Longtime single friends agree to be each other's plus one at every wedding they are invited to.
Featuring never-before-seen footage, concert performances and intimate interviews, filmmaker Ron Howard examines the life and career of famed opera tenor Luciano Pavarotti.
The extraordinary life and career of controversial automaker John DeLorean -- from his meteoric rise at General Motors Co. to his obsessive quest to build the world's best sports car.
Childhood sweethearts have a falling out and don't speak for 15 years. They reconnect as adults when Sasha runs into Marcus in San Francisco. Although the old sparks are still there, the couple live in different worlds.
Surreal religious images offset scenes of homophobia in contemporary England.
Featuring never-before-seen footage, filmmaker Barak Goodman examines the cultural, political and social ramifications of the 1969 Woodstock Music Festival in upstate New York.
Walter Campbell is an aging heartthrob who's struggling to keep up appearances with his estranged daughter. Hoping to reconnect, he impulsively invites himself to crash her vacation getaway in Big Sur, Calif. When Walter meets one of his daughter's young friends, the two of them develop an unexpected bond that's sure to jeopardize his already shaky relationship with his only child.
While on a prison furlough, a lowly criminal evades his guards and returns to his old stomping ground to take revenge on the people who turned him into a coldblooded killer.
Visionaries and scientists work to mitigate climate change and minimize climate-related events, despite a rapidly warming planet.
After gunning down a member of the High Table -- the shadowy international assassin's guild -- legendary hit man John Wick finds himself stripped of the organization's protective services. Now stuck with a $14 million bounty on his head, Wick must fight his way through the streets of New York as he becomes the target of the world's most ruthless killers.
Cameron Todd Willingham, a poor, uneducated heavy metal devotee who has a violent streak and a criminal record, is convicted of arson-related triple homicide in 1992. During his 12 years on death row, Elizabeth Gilbert, an improbable ally, uncovers questionable methods and illogical conclusions in his case and battles with the state to expose suppressed evidence that could save him.
The year is 1613, and Shakespeare is acknowledged as the greatest writer of the age. But disaster strikes when his renowned Globe Theatre burns to the ground. Devastated, Shakespeare returns to Stratford, where he must face a troubled past and a neglected family. Haunted by the death of his only son, Hamnet, he struggles to mend the broken relationship with his wife and daughters. In so doing, he is ruthlessly forced to examine his own failings as a husband and father.
Ace detective Harry Goodman goes mysteriously missing, prompting his 21-year-old son, Tim, to find out what happened. Aiding in the investigation is Harry's former Pokémon partner, wise-cracking, adorable super-sleuth Detective Pikachu. Finding that they are uniquely equipped to work together, as Tim is the only human who can talk with Pikachu, they join forces to unravel the tangled mystery.
Fred Flarsky is a gifted and free-spirited journalist who has a knack for getting into trouble. Charlotte Field is one of the most influential women in the world -- a smart, sophisticated and accomplished politician. When Fred unexpectedly runs into Charlotte, he soon realizes that she was his former baby sitter and childhood crush. When Charlotte decides to make a run for the presidency, she impulsively hires Fred as her speechwriter -- much to the dismay of her trusted advisers.
To finally achieve victory over a rival kingdom, a brilliant general devises an intricate plan involving his wife, a look-alike and two kings.
Leaving India behind to break with a life of petty crime, Riz arrives stateside and gets a housekeeping job at the decidedly landlocked Tides Plaza Motel.
Stephen Petronio, one of today's leading dance-makers, is determined to help his dancers breathe new life into "RainForest," an iconic 1968 work by choreographer Merce Cunningham. With help from three members of the former Cunningham company, Petronio's dancers strive to restage this work, revealing what it takes to keep a dance -- and a legacy -- alive.
Adrift in space with no food or water, Tony Stark sends a message to Pepper Potts as his oxygen supply starts to dwindle. Meanwhile, the remaining Avengers -- Thor, Black Widow, Captain America and Bruce Banner -- must figure out a way to bring back their vanquished allies for an epic showdown with Thanos -- the evil demigod who decimated the planet and the universe.
Young Rudolf Nureyev becomes a top ballet dancer in Russia, but a life-changing visit to Paris soon makes him seek asylum in France.
Filmmaker Cody Meirick examines the history and cultural impact of the horror book series "Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark" by author Alvin Schwartz.
A Jamaican teen who is burdened by an unstable father and an unruly older brother hopes a meteoric rise in track-and-field can reunite him with his mother, who has lived illegally in the U.S. for over a decade.
The life and work of the first female film director.
Hunted by mysterious forces, a young woman who has supernatural abilities must go on the run when her powers are discovered. With nowhere else to go, she flees back to her family and the farmhouse she abandoned long ago. There, while being pursued by the local sheriff, she begins to mend the broken relationships with her mother and daughter and learns that the power she needed was inside her all along.
A disillusioned advertising executive is pulled into a time-jumping fantasy when he is mistaken for Sancho Panza.
Tragedy strikes when Joyce Smith's adopted son, John, falls through the ice on a frozen lake in Missouri. Trapped underwater for more than 15 minutes, rescuers bring John back to the surface and rush him to the nearest hospital. While doctors fear the worst, the 14-year-old boy continues to fight for his life as Joyce, her husband and their pastor stay by his bedside and pray for a miracle.
Creationists construct a life-size Noah's Ark.
Miners struggle to survive after an explosion leaves them trapped two miles underground.
Defeated by Master Ip, martial arts expert Cheung Tin Chi tries to lead a normal life in Hong Kong until triad leaders draw him back into fighting.
Washington state lawmakers, activists and parents embark on a crusade to protect the civil rights of transgender children.
Tired of living a solitary life in the Pacific Northwest, Mr. Link -- 8 feet tall and covered in fur -- recruits fearless explorer Sir Lionel Frost to guide him on a journey to find his long-lost relatives in the fabled valley of Shangri-La. Along with adventurer Adelina Fortnight, the trio encounters their fair share of peril as they travel to the far reaches of the world. Through it all, they learn that sometimes one can find a family in the places one least expects.
We all have a superhero inside of us -- it just takes a bit of magic to bring it out. In 14-year-old Billy Batson's case, all he needs to do is shout out one word to transform into the adult superhero Shazam. Still a kid at heart, Shazam revels in the new version of himself by doing what any other teen would do -- have fun while testing out his newfound powers. But he'll need to master them quickly before the evil Dr. Thaddeus Sivana can get his hands on Shazam's magical abilities.
An act of civil disobedience turns into a standoff with police when homeless people in Cincinnati take over the public library to seek shelter from the bitter cold.
Singer Aretha Franklin performs gospel songs at the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Los Angeles in 1972.
For Diane, everyone else comes first. Generous but with little patience for self-pity, she spends her days checking in on sick friends, volunteering at her local soup kitchen, and trying valiantly to save her troubled, drug-addicted adult son from himself. But beneath her relentless routine of self-sacrifice, Diane is fighting a desperate internal battle, haunted by past mistakes which threaten to tear her increasingly chaotic world apart.
When Seth receives a mysterious letter inviting him to spend the weekend at a secluded mansion, he soon realizes that the two people inside the house may know him better than he knows himself.
Filmmaker Billy Corben examines the key players in the doping scandal that rocked Major League Baseball in 2013.
Police partners descend into the criminal underworld after they are suspended for assaulting a suspect on video.
A violent convict is given the chance to participate in a rehabilitation therapy program centered around the training of wild mustangs.
A scientist freezes his children alive while he races to cure their deadly genetic disease by decoding the DNA of the Turritopsis jellyfish.
A once-peaceful frontier town becomes a den of vice after vicious outlaw Dutch Albert and his gang arrive and begin gunning down their opposition. Undertaker Patrick Tate must now choose between the blood money he makes burying the murderers' victims and the threats he and his family face as the death toll continues to rise.
In an industrial city in China, a young dancer named Qiao falls in love with a mobster named Bin. When a fight breaks out between rival gangs, Qiao uses a gun to protect Bin and is sent to prison for five years.
A 13-year-old boy is thrown out of the school he loves when his family can no longer afford the fees. He sneaks into the library and learns how to build a windmill to save his village from a famine.
Franky Winter and Ballas Kohl have been best friends since childhood. They are high school royalty: handsome, stars of the swim team, and popular with girls. They live a perfect teenage life - until the night of Franky's epic 17th birthday party when Franky and Ballas are involved in an unexpected incident that changes their lives forever.
Girls in a prison-like boarding school embark on a desperate search to uncover the awful truth behind their captivity.
Never-before-seen footage and audio recordings take you straight into the heart of NASA's most celebrated mission as astronauts Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins embark on a historic trip to the moon.
A busy doctor plans to spend her annual vacation fulfilling her long-held dream of sailing from Gibraltar to the small island of Ascension in the Atlantic. But everything changes when she sees a damaged, overloaded boat full of refugees nearby. Knowing that at least a hundred people could drown, she begins to organize to help them but slowly begins to fear that it will be impossible to do so.
A teen in Christchurch, New Zealand, battles an ancient spirit who slowly drains the life out of her 4-year-old brother.
Born into a tight-knit wrestling family, Paige and her brother Zak are ecstatic when they get the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to try out for the WWE. But when only Paige earns a spot in the competitive training program, she must leave her loved ones behind and face this new cutthroat world alone. Paige's journey pushes her to dig deep and ultimately prove to the world that what makes her different is the very thing that can make her a star.
When the sudden appearance of a female Light Fury coincides with the darkest threat their village has ever faced, Hiccup and Toothless must journey to a hidden world thought only to exist in myth. The two friends will soon discover their true destinies as dragon and rider fight together to protect everything they've grown to treasure.
The Preservation Hall Jazz Band looks back in time and retraces its musical roots.
Set several centuries in the future, the abandoned Alita is found in the scrapyard of Iron City by Ido, a compassionate cyber-doctor who takes the unconscious cyborg Alita to his clinic. When Alita awakens, she has no memory of who she is, nor does she have any recognition of the world she finds herself in. As Alita learns to navigate her new life and the treacherous streets of Iron City, Ido tries to shield her from her mysterious past.
The citizens of Bricksburg face a dangerous new threat when LEGO DUPLO invaders from outer space start to wreck everything in their path. The battle to defeat the enemy and restore harmony to the LEGO universe takes Emmet, Lucy, Batman and the rest of their friends to faraway, unexplored worlds that test their courage and creativity.
Following the civil war in the Balkans, a humanitarian biker club takes it upon themselves to protect the endangered wild horses of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In 1987 Oslo, 17-year-old Euronymous becomes fixated on creating "true Norwegian black metal" with his band Mayhem. He mounts shocking publicity stunts to put the band's name on the map, but the lines between show and reality begin to blur.
Laura and her two children travel from Argentina to Spain to attend her sister's wedding. The joyful reunion soon turns tragic when her older daughter gets kidnapped -- revealing a dark web of hidden secrets.
When three shipwrecked sailors land on an abandoned island that has four sole residents, one of the men starts to question what happened. He soon finds himself in a fight to save his own life while trying to uncover the truth and escape.
Two wanted women decide to steal from a wealthy and mentally unstable friend who lives in a fantasy world. To get her money, the fugitives must take part in a deadly and perverse game of make-believe in a sprawling yet decaying estate. As things become increasingly hallucinatory and violent, the duo soon realize that obtaining the cash may be the least of their concerns.
When an engaged woman learns that her parents' secret to happiness is threesomes, she and her fiance set out on a wild night of their own that exposes problems in their relationship.
A man stranded in the Arctic after an airplane crash must decide whether to remain in the relative safety of his makeshift camp or to embark on a deadly trek through the unknown in hopes of making it out alive.
After his father's death, a young man moves to his father's hometown in a quest to learn more about him.
After a mass shooting at a police funeral, reclusive ex-cop Gannon finds himself unwittingly forced out of retirement when he realizes that the killer belongs to the same militia he joined after quitting the force. Understanding that the shooting could set off a chain reaction of copycat violence across the country, Gannon quarantines his fellow militiamen in the remote lumber mill they call their headquarters. There, he sets about a series of interrogations, intent on ferreting out the killer.
Lara, a 15-year-old girl who was born in a boy's body, is committed to becoming a professional ballerina.
In a dusty town at the edge of the world, the men of a small community begin to vanish one by one. Theories about their whereabouts swirl through the ether as their wives and teenage children wait for their return.
From Fiji to the Bahamas, Jean-Michel Cousteau and his children explore the ocean to learn about the threats it faces.
The Sheffields are on the verge of divorce, a traumatic event that's pushing their 16-year-old son to become infatuated with an older woman, Odessa.
Goku and Vegeta encounter Broly, a Saiyan warrior.
Freshmen misfits Ethan, David and Justin desperately try to improve their terminally uncool reputations by pledging prestigious Greek houses on their campus. Turned down by every fraternity, they soon receive an unexpected invitation from a shadowy social club that offers them access to an exclusive world of raging parties and beautiful coeds. But first, they must endure a sadistic initiation ritual that goes from depraved to deadly over the course of two blood-soaked days.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg is a struggling attorney and new mother who faces adversity and numerous obstacles in her fight for equal rights. When Ruth takes on a groundbreaking tax case with her husband, attorney Martin Ginsburg, she knows it could change the direction of her career and the way the courts view gender discrimination.
A man recounts the summer of 1994, a time when he and his brother plotted revenge against their abusive father.
Sawyer is an ambitious, overachieving college senior who has a seemingly bright future. While on her way to a job interview, a wrong turn leaves her stranded deep in the frozen forest. Suddenly, the young woman who has everything to live for finds herself facing her own mortality as she's punished by the elements and pursued by a band of ruthless outlaws. With nowhere left to run, she is forced into an uneasy alliance with an enigmatic loner who has shadowy intentions.
Gov. George W. Bush of Texas picks Dick Cheney, the CEO of Halliburton Co., to be his Republican running mate in the 2000 presidential election. No stranger to politics, Cheney's impressive résumé includes stints as White House chief of staff, House Minority Whip and defense secretary. When Bush wins by a narrow margin, Cheney begins to use his newfound power to help reshape the country and the world.
On the run in the year 1987, Bumblebee the Autobot seeks refuge in a junkyard in a small California beach town. Charlie, on the brink of turning 18 years old and trying to find her place in the world, soon discovers the battle-scarred and broken Bumblebee. When Charlie revives him, she quickly learns that this is no ordinary yellow Volkswagen.
After fleeing his negligent and abusive parents, a hardened, streetwise 12-year-old boy sues them to protest the life they've given him.
Bitten by a radioactive spider in the subway, Brooklyn teenager Miles Morales suddenly develops mysterious powers that transform him into the one and only Spider-Man. When he meets Peter Parker, he soon realizes that there are many others who share his special, high-flying talents. Miles must now use his newfound skills to battle the evil Kingpin, a hulking madman who can open portals to other universes and pull different versions of Spider-Man into our world.
Broke, alone and facing foreclosure on his business, 90-year-old horticulturist Earl Stone takes a job as a drug courier for a Mexican cartel. His immediate success leads to easy money and a larger shipment that soon draws the attention of hard-charging DEA agent Colin Bates. When Earl's past mistakes start to weigh heavily on his conscience, he must decide whether to right those wrongs before law enforcement and cartel thugs catch up to him.
The life of a man on the verge of success is derailed when his girlfriend leaves him.
Filmmaker Alexis Bloom examines the rise and fall of Roger Ailes, the Republican Party booster and controversial Fox News mogul who went down in flames amid multiple sexual harassment allegations.
Nineteen-year-old Ben Burns unexpectedly returns to his family's suburban home on Christmas Eve. Ben's mom, Holly, is relieved and welcoming but wary of her son's drug addiction. Over a turbulent 24 hours, new truths are revealed, and a mother's undying love gets put to the test as Holly does everything in her power to keep Ben clean.
The plus-size, teenage daughter of a former beauty queen signs up for her mom's pageant as a protest that escalates when other contestants follow in her footsteps, revolutionizing the pageant and their small Texas town.
A zombie apocalypse threatens the sleepy town of Little Haven - at Christmas - forcing Anna and her friends to fight, slash and sing their way to survival, facing the undead in a desperate race to reach their loved ones. But they soon discover that no one is safe in this new world, and with civilization falling apart around them, the only people they can truly rely on are each other.
Writer Steve Young tracks down rare musical show albums, unseen footage, composers and performers.
Three young characters -- a singer, a comedian and a migrant worker -- search for fame, fortune and human connection by livestreaming their talents online.
A young boy named Kun feels forgotten by his family when his little sister Mirai arrives. Running away from home, Kun stumbles upon a magical garden that serves as a time-traveling gateway where he encounters his mother as a little girl and has a series of adventures with his baby sister who is all grown up, opening a new perspective on his world.
Five strangers with nothing in common find themselves working together to save the people and Pokemon of Fula City.
On the margins of Tokyo, a dysfunctional band of outsiders is united by fierce loyalty and a penchant for petty theft. When the young son is arrested, secrets are exposed that upend their tenuous, below-the-radar existence.
A night watchman and his buddy uncover some unsavory video of his politically well-connected but overly amorous boss.
In the early 18th century, England is at war with the French. Nevertheless, duck racing and pineapple eating are thriving. A frail Queen Anne occupies the throne, and her close friend Lady Sarah governs the country in her stead while tending to Anne's ill health and mercurial temper. When a new servant, Abigail, arrives, her charm endears her to Sarah. Sarah takes Abigail under her wing, and Abigail sees a chance to return to her aristocratic roots.
Depicting the early years of Swedish author Astrid Lindgren, the world's third most-translated children's writer, credited for more than 100 books, including "Pippi Longstocking," "Emil of Lönneberga," and "The Six Bullerby Children."
Cleo is one of two domestic workers who help Antonio and Sofía take care of their four children in 1970s Mexico City. Complications soon arise when Antonio suddenly runs away with his mistress and Cleo finds out that she's pregnant. When Sofía decides to take the kids on vacation, she invites Cleo for a much-needed getaway to clear her mind and bond with the family.
In 1985, Russian boxer Ivan Drago killed former U.S. champion Apollo Creed in a tragic match that stunned the world. Against the wishes of trainer Rocky Balboa, Apollo's son Adonis Johnson accepts a challenge from Drago's son -- another dangerous fighter. Under guidance from Rocky, Adonis trains for the showdown of his life -- a date with destiny that soon becomes his obsession. Now, Johnson and Balboa must confront their shared legacy as the past comes back to haunt each man.
Dr. Don Shirley is a world-class African-American pianist who's about to embark on a concert tour in the Deep South in 1962. In need of a driver and protection, Shirley recruits Tony Lip, a tough-talking bouncer from an Italian-American neighborhood in the Bronx. Despite their differences, the two men soon develop an unexpected bond while confronting racism and danger in an era of segregation.
Video game bad guy Ralph and fellow misfit Vanellope von Schweetz must risk it all by traveling to the World Wide Web in search of a replacement part to save Vanellope's video game, "Sugar Rush." In way over their heads, Ralph and Vanellope rely on the citizens of the internet -- the netizens -- to help navigate their way, including an entrepreneur named Yesss, who is the head algorithm and the heart and soul of trend-making site BuzzzTube.
For over six years, Matt Green has been walking every street in New York City, over 8000 miles, on a journey of discovery, humanity and wonder.
A police shootout leaves four thieves dead during an explosive armed robbery attempt in Chicago. Their widows -- Veronica, Linda, Alice and Belle -- have nothing in common except a debt left behind by their spouses' criminal activities. Hoping to forge a future on their own terms, Veronica joins forces with the other three women to pull off a heist that her husband was planning.
Celebrated war correspondent Marie Colvin is a woman who is as comfortable downing martinis with high society's elite as she is brazenly staring down warlords and fleeing from gunfire. Driven by an enduring desire to bear witness and give voice to the voiceless, Colvin charges into danger, constantly testing the limits between bravery and bravado.
A lesbian couple's plan to solicit a friend to be their sperm donor brings surprising changes for all three of them.
Famed but tormented artist Vincent van Gogh spends his final years in Arles, France, painting masterworks of the natural world that surrounds him.
A small-town stock car track and the drivers that call it home struggle to hold on to an American racing tradition.
After Tyler finds a cache of disturbing images in his father's possession, he begins to suspect that the man he trusts most in the world may be responsible for a series of unsolved murders.
When Pete and Ellie decide to start a family, they stumble into the world of foster care adoption. They hope to take in one small child, but when they meet three siblings, including a rebellious 15-year-old girl, they find themselves speeding from zero to three kids overnight. Now, Pete and Ellie must try to learn the ropes of instant parenthood in the hope of becoming a family.
Summer is a carefree 17-year-old whose world gets turned upside down when her mother, a popular meteorologist, abruptly decides to convert to Islam.
After being crowned King of Scotland, legendary warrior Robert the Bruce is forced into exile by the English and leads a band of outlaws to help him reclaim the throne.
On the eve of D-Day, American paratroopers drop behind enemy lines to penetrate the walls of a fortified church and destroy a radio transmitter. As the soldiers approach their target, they soon begin to realize that there's more going on in the Nazi-occupied village than a simple military operation. Making their way to an underground lab, the outnumbered men stumble upon a sinister experiment that forces them into a vicious battle against an army of the undead.
Two couples in suburban Dublin appear to live in marital bliss until an altercation between one of the couples occurs, which leads to cracks appearing in both marriages.
Ten-year-old Flynn McGarry transforms his living room into a supper club using his classmates as line cooks. Achieving sudden fame, Flynn outgrows his bedroom kitchen and sets out to challenge the hierarchy of the culinary world.
A closeted woman brings her girlfriend home for Thanksgiving, only to have her coming-out efforts thwarted by the unexpected arrival of her male roommate.
An anthology of six short films that take place in 19th-century post-Civil War era during the settling of the Old West.
The story of Suzanne Mitchell, the den mother of the original Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders.
Freddie Mercury -- the lead singer of Queen -- defies stereotypes and convention to become one of history's most beloved entertainers. The band's revolutionary sound and popular songs lead to Queen's meteoric rise in the 1970s. After leaving the group to pursue a solo career, Mercury reunites with Queen for the benefit concert Live Aid -- resulting in one of the greatest performances in rock 'n' roll history.
Jared Eamons, the son of a small-town Baptist pastor, must overcome the fallout after being outed as gay to his parents. His father and mother struggle to reconcile their love for their son with their beliefs. Fearing a loss of family, friends and community, Jared is pressured into attending a conversion therapy program. While there, Jared comes into conflict with its leader and begins his journey to finding his own voice and accepting his true self.
Never-before-seen footage and performances offer insight into the life and career of renowned opera singer Maria Callas.
A recent paraplegic is given binoculars by his girlfriend. When he witnesses a mob killing, he tries to blackmail the killer.
A man and his teenage daughter encounter nonstop danger while searching for valuable gems on an alien moon.
A progressive graduate student finds success and sparks outrage when his interest in battle rap as a thesis subject turns into a competitive obsession.
In the final 15 years of the life of legendary director Orson Welles he pins his Hollywood comeback hopes on the film "The Other Side of the Wind."
Top athletes, including Michael Jordan, Pelé, Jerry Rice and Wayne Gretzky, explore the importance of nature versus nurture in determining athletic ability.
After losing her boyfriend, her job, and waking up naked in the middle of a bachelor party due to her constant hunger for physical intimacy, a woman realizes she has a problem: sex addiction. She seeks help and agrees to go 30 days without her ex, boys, sex or romance. She soon discovers the true meaning of intimacy when she begins making music with a reclusive man.
Jong-soo runs into Hae-mi, a girl who once lived in his neighborhood, and she asks him to watch her cat while she's out of town. When she returns, she introduces him to Ben, a man she met on the trip. Ben proceeds to tell Jong-soo about his hobby.
Customs officer Tina is known for her extraordinary sense of smell. It's almost as if she can sniff out the guilt on anyone hiding something. But when Vore, a suspicious-looking man, walks past her, her abilities are challenged for the first time ever. Tina can sense Vore is hiding something she can't identify. Even worse, she feels a strange attraction to him. As Tina develops a special bond with Vore and discovers his true identity, she also realizes the truth about herself.
In 1990s Los Angeles, a 13-year-old spends his summer navigating between a troubled home life and a crew of new friends he meets at a skate shop.
Young American dancer Susie Bannion arrives in 1970s Berlin to audition for the world-renowned Helena Markos Dance Co. When she vaults to the role of lead dancer, the woman she replaces breaks down and accuses the company's female directors of witchcraft. Meanwhile, an inquisitive psychotherapist and a member of the troupe uncover dark and sinister secrets as they probe the depths of the studio's hidden underground chambers.
In 1971 Leningrad, Russian-Jewish Sergei Dovlatov is a young writer whose manuscripts are routinely rejected by the official media, while other writers have been forced into exile for their views. Sergei wants to stay in the country with his family and write about the reality he sees, in spite of the fact that his texts will not be published under the Brezhnev regime.
During a night on the town, a dedicated single mother meets a charming yet troubled stranger.
In 1992 teenager Sandi Tan shoots Singapore's first road movie with her enigmatic American mentor, Georges, who then absconded with all of the footage. The 16 mm film is recovered 20 years later, sending Tan, who is now a novelist living in Los Angeles, on a personal odyssey in search of Georges' footprints.
A man decides to return to his hometown in Texas to tell his estranged conservative parents that he has AIDS.
Fresh out of the seminary and basic training, Army chaplain Darren Turner receives orders to deploy to Iraq, leaving his wife behind to care for their three young children. The harsh realities of war soon take their toll on Turner and his battalion, making it hard to stay connected to his beloved family. When Darren finally comes home, the Turners must decide if they're willing to face one more battle -- the fight to save their marriage.
Filmmaker Alex Winter explores the origin and evolution of cryptocurrency, including the technology's ability to fight poverty and hunger.
In 1955 when racial segregation is rampant in the South, two groups of 12-year-old boys step onto a baseball field in an act of cultural defiance.
Fourteen-year-old Joe is the only child of Jeanette and Jerry -- a housewife and a golf pro -- in a small town in 1960s Montana. Nearby, an uncontrolled forest fire rages close to the Canadian border, and when Jerry loses his job -- and his sense of purpose -- he decides to join the cause of fighting the fire, leaving his wife and son to fend for themselves. Suddenly forced into the role of an adult, Joe witnesses his mother's struggle as she tries to keep her head above water.
A portrait of the police, citizens, and government officials left on the front lines in Baltimore.
Ito, a gangland enforcer, is caught amidst a treacherous and violent insurrection within his Triad crime family.
A former Marine and record-breaking powerlifter faces his most challenging test of strength yet -- transitioning from male to female.
After her ailing mother wanders off during a blizzard, Bridget returns to her childhood home in Chicago, accompanied by her rebellious daughter. Forced to referee between her father's stubborn insistence that his wife remains at home and her equally determined brother's efforts to place her in a "memory care" facility, Bridget struggles to make sense of a lifetime of family conflict. With her mother's decline becoming increasingly obvious, long-simmering resentments bubble to the surface.
It's been 40 years since Laurie Strode survived a vicious attack from crazed killer Michael Myers on Halloween night. Locked up in an institution, Myers manages to escape when his bus transfer goes horribly wrong. Laurie now faces a terrifying showdown when the masked madman returns to Haddonfield, Ill. -- but this time, she's ready for him.
Starr Carter is constantly switching between two worlds -- the poor, mostly black neighborhood where she lives and the wealthy, mostly white prep school that she attends. The uneasy balance between these worlds is soon shattered when she witnesses the fatal shooting of her childhood best friend at the hands of a police officer. Facing pressure from all sides of the community, Starr must find her voice and decide to stand up for what's right.
At the age of 70, Forrest Tucker makes an audacious escape from San Quentin, conducting an unprecedented string of heists that confound authorities and enchant the public. Wrapped up in the pursuit are detective John Hunt, who becomes captivated with Forrest's commitment to his craft, and a woman who loves him in spite of his chosen profession.
Alarm dispatcher and former police officer Asger Holm answers an emergency call from a kidnapped woman. When the call is suddenly disconnected, the search for the woman and her kidnapper begins.
A cop deals with the death of his mother while giving a heartfelt eulogy at her funeral.
It's 1851, and Charlie and Eli Sisters are both brothers and assassins, boys grown to men in a savage and hostile world. The Sisters brothers find themselves on a journey through the Northwest, bringing them to the mountains of Oregon, a dangerous brothel in the small town of Mayfield, and eventually, the gold rush land of California -- an adventure that tests the deadly family ties that bind.
John Zbikowski is a down-on-his-luck bookie who develops an unlikely friendship with Brian, his ex-girlfriend's 12-year-old son. When Zbikowski's clients don't pay their debts, he tries to recoup his earnings by taking bets on Brian's baseball games.
Elliot is a young and carefree New Yorker whose world gets turned upside down when he finds out that he has cancer. He soon finds comfort and happiness when he falls in love with Mia, a woman who sticks with him through the hard times.
The bond between two brothers is challenged when they find they are in love with the same girl.
Hoping to reach the moon by the end of the decade, NASA plans a series of extremely dangerous, unprecedented missions in the early 1960s. Engineer Neil Armstrong joins the space program, spending years in training and risking his life during test flights. On July 16, 1969, the nation and world watch in wonder as Armstrong and fellow astronauts Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins embark on the historic Apollo 11 spaceflight.
The El Royale is run-down hotel that sits on the border between California and Nevada. It soon becomes a seedy battleground when seven strangers -- a cleric, a soul singer, a traveling salesman, two sisters, the manager and the mysterious Billy Lee -- converge on a fateful night for one last shot at redemption before everything goes wrong.
A blacksmith holds a demon in captivity, torturing it as revenge for his troubles. One day, an orphan girl stumbles upon the demon's enclosure and unwittingly releases it.
Norway's deadliest terrorist attack, in which a right-wing extremist murders 77 teens at a youth camp in 2011, is dramatized.
A Swazi girl embarks on a dangerous mission to save her twin brothers.
Hoping to save his career, a medium tries to solve a high-profile crime and become a television psychic.
Peter Bogdanovich examines the legendary life and career of actor, filmmaker and comic genius Buster Keaton.
Seasoned musician Jackson Maine discovers -- and falls in love with -- struggling artist Ally. She has just about given up on her dream to make it big as a singer until Jackson coaxes her into the spotlight. But even as Ally's career takes off, the personal side of their relationship is breaking down, as Jackson fights an ongoing battle with his own internal demons.
Turo is stuck in a small village and the best thing in his life is being the lead vocalist for the amateur metal band Impaled Rektum. He and his bandmates have practiced for 12 years without playing a single gig. The guys get a surprise visitor from Norway -- the promoter for a huge heavy metal music festival -- and decide it's now or never. They steal a van, a corpse, and even a new drummer to make their dreams a reality.
A couple coping with infertility struggle to keep their marriage going as they navigate through the world of adoption and assisted reproduction.
In 1847 an Irish mercenary fighting for the British army abandons his post to seek revenge on those responsible for the death of his family.
A journey through Joan Jett's life and career, from her early years as founder of "The Runaways" and first collaborations with Kenny Laguna to her status as rock icon.
Tensions rise when a young man records a police officer shooting a black motorist in a Brooklyn, N.Y., neighborhood.
Migo is a friendly Yeti whose world gets turned upside down when he discovers something that he didn't know existed -- a human. He soon faces banishment from his snowy home when the rest of the villagers refuse to believe his fantastic tale. Hoping to prove them wrong, Migo embarks on an epic journey to find the mysterious creature that can put him back in good graces with his simple community.
An Israeli teenager is torn between two role models: his charismatic literature teacher and his strict, working-class father.
Alex Honnold completes the first free solo climb of famed El Capitan's 3,000-foot vertical rock face at Yosemite National Park.
An American poet living in Berlin hopes to win a prestigious grant while dealing with her former relationships, a rival poet, and her own penchant for stealing things.
A Korean-American performance artist in Los Angeles struggles to be authentically heard through her many identities.
An intimate look at the life of Quincy Jones, a music industry giant and winner of 27 Grammys.
After moving to Paris, author Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette agrees to ghostwrite a semi-autobiographical novel for her husband. Its success soon inspires her to fight for creative ownership and overcome the societal constraints of the early 20th century.
Diaries, audiotapes, videotapes and testimonies from friends and colleagues offer insight into the life and career of Gilda Radner -- the beloved comic and actress who became an icon on "Saturday Night Live."
Spend a delightfully bawdy afternoon with four legends of British stage and cinema -- Maggie Smith, Judi Dench, Eileen Atkins and Joan Plowright -- as they spill the tea on life, love and art.
An 88-year-old Jewish tailor named Abraham embarks on a long journey to try and find the man who saved him from certain death during the Holocaust.
Filmmaker Michael Moore predicted that Donald Trump would become the 45th president of the United States. Traveling across the country, Moore interviews American citizens to get a sense of the social, economic and political impact of Trump's victory. Moore also takes an in-depth look at voting, the Electoral College, the government agenda, the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., and the water crisis in his hometown of Flint, Mich.
Judge Fiona May must race against the clock to determine the fate of a teenage boy in need of a lifesaving blood transfusion, stretching her life and her fractured marriage to the breaking point.
Delacroix Island is a little-known region south of New Orleans that survived Hurricane Katrina and is now facing its latest threat -- hordes of 20-pound rodents known as nutria. Louisiana's coastal wetlands are one of the largest disappearing landmasses in the world, and the voracious appetite of this invasive species from South America is greatly accelerating coastal erosion.
Ashraf Marwan, the son-in-law of President Nasser, becomes a special adviser while working as an Israeli agent.
Stephanie is a widowed, single mother who works as a vlogger in Connecticut. Her best friend, Emily, seems to have it all -- a successful career, a loving family and a glamorous lifestyle. When Emily mysteriously disappears one day, Stephanie launches her own investigation by digging into her friend's past -- and finding a few surprises along the way.
A mysterious actress seeks revenge for a murder at an esteemed opera house.
In the Pacific Northwest in 1983, outsiders Red Miller and Mandy Bloom lead a loving and peaceful existence. When their pine-scented haven is savagely destroyed by a cult led by the sadistic Jeremiah Sand, Red is catapulted into a phantasmagoric journey filled with bloody vengeance and laced with deadly fire.
A Japanese teenager battles evil spirits and ushers lost souls into the afterlife.
Congolese doctor Dr. Denis Mukwege, playwright Eve Ensler, and a charismatic Congolese human rights activist join forces to create a safe haven for women survivors in the middle of violence-torn Eastern Congo.
A journalist travels to a small French village to investigate a woman's claim that she saw an apparition of the Virgin Mary.
Through never-before-seen archival footage, verité cinematography, personal testimonials and highly stylized imagery, an exploration of the life and impact of the mother of avant-garde self expression, Susanne Bartsch.
A rebellious girl and a runaway combat robot unite to stop a madman's technological plan for world domination.
Classic film star Montgomery Clift's legacy is a story of tragedy and self-destruction, but a more complicated picture emerges when his nephew dives into the family archives.
David Kim becomes desperate when his 16-year-old daughter Margot disappears and an immediate police investigation leads nowhere. He soon decides to search the one place that no one else has -- Margot's laptop. Hoping to trace her digital footprints, David contacts her friends and looks at photos and videos for any possible clues to her whereabouts.
Following five spirited puppies from the moment they're born through their quest to become guide dogs for the blind.
Filmmaker Jack Bryan suggests that Vladmir Putin is behind a 30-year history of covert political warfare to disrupt and ultimately control world events.
Fifteen years after the end of World War II, a team of top-secret Israeli agents travels to Argentina to track down Adolf Eichmann, the Nazi officer who masterminded the transportation logistics that brought millions of innocent Jews to their deaths in concentration camps. Hoping to sneak him out of the country to stand trial, agent Peter Malkin soon finds himself playing a deadly game of cat and mouse with the notorious war criminal.
A refugee's escape, a prisoner's promise, and a daughter's painful secret converge. As three fathers fight to save their families, their lives become intertwined in an unlikely journey across the globe.
An up-and-coming journalist interviews a man who claims to be God.
Joan and Joe remain complements after nearly 40 years of marriage. Where Joe is casual, Joan is elegant. Where Joe is vain, Joan is self-effacing. And where Joe enjoys his very public role as the great American novelist, Joan pours her considerable intellect, grace, charm and diplomacy into the private role of a great man's wife. As Joe is about to be awarded the Nobel Prize for his acclaimed and prolific body of work, Joan starts to think about the shared compromises, secrets and betrayals.
A reimagining of the life and times of Blaze Foley, the unsung songwriting legend of the Texas Outlaw Music movement.
Manny, Joel, and Jonah tear their way through childhood. Their mother and father have a volatile relationship that makes and unmakes the family many times over, often leaving the boys fending for themselves. As their parents rip at one another, Manny and Joel harden and grow into versions of their father. With the triumvirate fractured, Jonah, who is the youngest, becomes increasingly aware of his desperate need to escape. Driven to the edge, Jonah embraces an imagined world all his own.
Annie breaks up with her longtime boyfriend Duncan -- a teacher who's obsessed with former 1990s rocker Tucker Crowe. She soon develops an unexpected bond with Tucker when he visits his pregnant daughter in London.
Young Keda tries to survive alone in the wilderness after he's left for dead during his first hunt with his Cro-Magnon tribe. He soon forms an unlikely alliance with a lone wolf that was abandoned by its pack. Facing overwhelming odds and nonstop danger, Keda and the wolf must now trek through a harsh and unforgiving landscape to make it home before winter.
A teenage girl's love letters are exposed and wreak havoc on her life.
Rachel Chu is happy to accompany her longtime boyfriend, Nick, to his best friend's wedding in Singapore. She's also surprised to learn that Nick's family is extremely wealthy and he's considered one of the country's most eligible bachelors. Thrust into the spotlight, Rachel must now contend with jealous socialites, quirky relatives and something far, far worse -- Nick's disapproving mother.
The amazing true story of Billy Moore, an English boxer incarcerated in Thailand's most notorious prison. Thrown into a world of drugs and violence, he finds his best chance to escape is to fight his way out in Muay Thai tournaments.
Camille's life as a lonely suburban teenager changes dramatically when she befriends a group of girl skateboarders. As she journeys deeper into this raw New York City subculture, she begins to understand the true meaning of friendship.
Ron Stallworth is the first African-American detective to serve in the Colorado Springs Police Department. Determined to make a name for himself, Stallworth bravely sets out on a dangerous mission: infiltrate and expose the Ku Klux Klan. The detective soon recruits a more seasoned colleague, Flip Zimmerman, into the undercover investigation of a lifetime. Together, they team up to take down the extremist hate group as the organization aims to sanitize its rhetoric to appeal to the mainstream.
Elizabeth is a charming anchorwoman who seeks advice from her dog's therapist. Tara is a spunky barista who dreams of a life beyond the coffee shop. Daisy is a dog walker who's enamored with a client. Garrett pines for a woman while trying to keep his adopt-a-dog business afloat. The beloved canines in their lives soon start to influence their careers, friendships and romantic relationships in funny and unexpected ways.
In 1993 after teenage Cameron is caught in the backseat of a car with the prom queen, she is sent away to a treatment center in a remote area called God's Promise. While she is being subjected to questionable gay conversion therapies, she bonds with some fellow residents as they pretend to go along with the process while waiting to be released.
Thirteen-year-old Kayla endures the tidal wave of contemporary suburban adolescence as she makes her way through the last week of middle school -- the end of her thus far disastrous eighth-grade year.
Released from juvenile detention, a teen and her 10-year-old sister embark on a quest to avenge the death of their mother.
Two strangers meet in the Forest of Lost Souls, a dense and remote place where many people go to commit suicide.
Christopher Robin -- now a family man living in London -- receives a surprise visit from his old childhood pal, Winnie-the-Pooh. With Christopher's help, Pooh embarks on a journey to find his friends -- Tigger, Eeyore, Owl, Piglet, Rabbit, Kanga and Roo. Once reunited, the lovable bear and the gang travel to the big city to help Christopher rediscover the joy of life.
During the summer of 1937, Emanuel, a young man in his early 20s, is committed to a sanatorium on the Black Sea coast for treatment of his bone tuberculosis. The treatment consists of painful spine punctures that confine him to a body cast on a stretcher-bed. Little by little, as Emanuel gets accustomed to the limitations of his new life, he discovers that inside the sanatorium there is still a life to be lived, and he must live it to the fullest.
Matriarch Rose has made her Table Rock Lake house her home for over 50 years. When her daughter Patty and granddaughter Allison arrive with an old camera they've found and show the pictures from the 50-year-old film that they had developed, Rose is transported back to the early 1960s when Louise and Zee entered her and husband Joe's life.
Filmmaker Kirby Dick examines the the $400 billion medical device industry and the profit-driven mindset that rushes implanted devices into the marketplace with proper clinical trials.
A German army deserter finds a Nazi captain's abandoned uniform during the final weeks of World War II. Emboldened by the authority it suddenly grants him, he amasses a band of stragglers that cedes to his every command -- despite the suspicions of some. Citing direct orders from Hitler himself, he soon takes command of a camp that holds German soldiers accused of desertion -- and begins to dispense harsh justice.
It seems that all the major superheroes out there are starring in their own movies -- all but the Teen Titans. Robin is bound and determined to remedy that situation by becoming a star instead of a sidekick. With a few madcap ideas and a song in their hearts, the Teen Titans head to Hollywood to fulfill their dreams. Things soon go awry, however, when a supervillain plans to take over the planet -- putting the very fate of the young heroes on the line.
Ethan Hunt and the IMF team join forces with CIA assassin August Walker to prevent a disaster of epic proportions. Arms dealer John Lark and a group of terrorists known as the Apostles plan to use three plutonium cores for a simultaneous nuclear attack on the Vatican, Jerusalem and Mecca, Saudi Arabia. When the weapons go missing, Ethan and his crew find themselves in a desperate race against time to prevent them from falling into the wrong hands.
A high school basketball team provides a source of pride and hope for an African-American community in the Hamptons.
In 1979 young Donna, Tanya and Rosie graduate from Oxford University -- leaving Donna free to embark on a series of adventures throughout Europe. On her journeys, she makes the acquaintances of Harry, Bill and Sam -- the latter whom she falls in love with, but he's also the man who breaks her heart. In the present day, Donna's pregnant daughter, Sophie, dreams of renovating a taverna while reuniting with her mother's old friends and boyfriends on the Greek island of Kalokairi.
A mother hopes that a move to a new town will provide a better life for both herself and her awkward daughter.
Well-known attorney Shigemori takes on the defense of murder-robbery suspect Misumi, who served jail time for another murder 30 years ago. Shigemori's chances of winning the case seem low, as his client freely admits his guilt, even though he faces the death penalty if convicted. But as he digs deeper into the case, hearing the testimonies of the victim's family and Misumi himself, Shigemori begins to doubt whether his client is actually the murderer.
Collin must make it through his final three days of probation for a chance at a new beginning in his Oakland, Calif., neighborhood. His bond with his volatile best friend soon gets tested when Collin sees a police officer shoot a suspect in the back during a chase through the streets. Things soon come to a head when the buddies attend a party at the upscale home of a young and wealthy tech entrepreneur.
Archival footage and interviews with friends and family offer insight into the extraordinary life and career of British fashion designer Alexander McQueen.
Parents of children who have Down syndrome, dwarfism or autism share intimate stories of the challenges they face.
After nearly dying in a car accident, the last thing Oregon slacker John Callahan intends to do is give up alcohol. Encouraged by his girlfriend and a charismatic sponsor, Callahan reluctantly enters a treatment program and discovers that he has a knack for drawing. The budding artist soon finds himself with a new lease on life when his edgy and irreverent newspaper cartoons gain a national and devoted following.
In an alternate reality of present-day Oakland, Calif., telemarketer Cassius Green finds himself in a macabre universe after he discovers a magical key that leads to material glory. As Green's career begins to take off, his friends and co-workers organize a protest against corporate oppression. Cassius soon falls under the spell of Steve Lift, a cocaine-snorting CEO who offers him a salary beyond his wildest dreams.
Comic Jim Gaffigan proves that laughter is the best medicine when he talks about a family medical crisis and other topics during his hilarious stand-up routine.
Filmmaker Kevin Macdonald examines the life and career of singer Whitney Houston. Features never-before-seen archival footage, exclusive recordings, rare performances and interviews with the people who knew her best.
An isolated and troubled young man meets a beautiful and mysterious hiker, who guides him through a psychedelic rite of passage.
Scott Lang is grappling with the consequences of his choices as both a superhero and a father. Approached by Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym, Lang must once again don the Ant-Man suit and fight alongside the Wasp. The urgent mission soon leads to secret revelations from the past as the dynamic duo finds itself in an epic battle against a powerful new enemy.
FBI agent Matt Graver calls on mysterious operative Alejandro Gillick when Mexican drug cartels start to smuggle terrorists across the U.S. border. The war escalates even further when Alejandro kidnaps a top kingpin's daughter to deliberately increase the tensions. When the young girl is seen as collateral damage, the two men will determine her fate as they question everything that they are fighting for.
A father and daughter live a perfect but mysterious existence in Forest Park, a beautiful nature reserve near Portland, Ore., rarely making contact with the world. But when a small mistake tips them off to authorities, they are sent on an increasingly erratic journey in search of a place to call their own.
Identical triplets become separated at birth and adopted by three different families. Years later, their amazing reunion becomes a global sensation but also unearths an unimaginable secret that has radical repercussions.
In the 1950s, George Van Tassel, a confidante of Howard Hughes, uses alien guidance and Nikola Tesla's ideas to build a time machine.
Four men try to reinvent their lives and mend their broken relationships after years of drug abuse.
Following the death of her father, Alice returns home to Yorkshire for the first time in 15 years to claim the tenancy of the family farm she believes is rightfully hers. Once there, she encounters older brother Joe, a man she barely recognizes. Joe is thrown by Alice's sudden arrival, angered by her claim and finds her presence increasingly impossible to deal with. Battling to regain control in a fragile situation, Alice must confront traumatic memories to find a way to restore the farm.
The life and career of Bobbito Garcia -- author, filmmaker, disc jockey and basketball enthusiast.
Filmmaker Christopher Quinn examines the environmental, economic and public health consequences of factory farming. Topics include animal rights, pollution and the use of antibiotics and hormones.
Two overworked and underpaid assistants come up with a plan to get their bosses off their backs by setting them up with each other.
Hard-working, recent college graduate Bridger receives heartbreaking news that his mother has cancer. Strapped for cash, he needs to make more money than his day job pays to provide his mother with treatment. As fate would have it, he finds a half-bleached dollar bill in his pocket after pulling his clothes out of the wash, spurring an idea to make counterfeit money. He brings his close friends in on the scheme, but they begin to abuse the process, putting Bridger and his mother at risk.
Telecommunications guru Winston Deavor enlists Elastigirl to fight crime and make the public fall in love with superheroes once again. That leaves Mr. Incredible with one of his greatest challenges ever -- staying home and taking care of three rambunctious children. As Violet, Dash and Jack-Jack offer him a new set of headaches, a cybercriminal named Screenslaver launches his dastardly plan -- hypnotizing the world through computer screens.
An anthology of four stories that sheds light on modern relationships from the viewpoint of the Indian woman.
After surviving a restaurant bombing in Jerusalem, two criminals decide to change their ways. They fulfill the wishes of strangers by answering prayers left at the Wailing Wall.
A 12-year old boy and his misfit friends enlist an older woman in their fight to save Buster the baby elephant during the air raids on Belfast in 1941.
Filmmaker Morgan Neville examines the life and legacy of Fred Rogers, the beloved host of the popular children's TV show "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood."
Middle-aged downtown New York pals Bernard and Huey find out that women have changed - but they haven't.
When the matriarch of the Graham family passes away, her daughter and grandchildren begin to unravel cryptic and increasingly terrifying secrets about their ancestry, trying to outrun the sinister fate they have inherited.
In the hip Brooklyn neighborhood of Red Hook, single dad and record store owner Frank is preparing to send his hard-working daughter Sam off to college while being forced to close his vintage shop. Hoping to stay connected through their shared musical passions, Frank urges Sam to turn their weekly jam sessions into a father-daughter live act. After their first song becomes an internet breakout, the two embark on a journey of love, growing up and musical discovery.
A brutal mugging leaves Grey Trace paralyzed in the hospital and his beloved wife dead. A billionaire inventor soon offers Trace a cure -- an artificial intelligence implant called STEM that will enhance his body. Now able to walk, Grey finds that he also has superhuman strength and agility -- skills he uses to seek revenge against the thugs who destroyed his life.
Spencer Reinhard, Warren Lipka, Eric Borsuk and Chas Allen are four friends who live an ordinary existence in Kentucky. After a visit to Transylvania University, Lipka comes up with the idea to steal the rarest and most valuable books from the school's library. As one of the most audacious art heists in U.S. history starts to unfold, the men question whether their attempts to inject excitement and purpose into their lives are simply misguided attempts at achieving the American dream.
Tami Oldham and Richard Sharp couldn't anticipate that they would be sailing directly into one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history. In the aftermath of the storm, Tami awakens to find Richard badly injured and their boat in ruins. With no hope of rescue, Tami must now find the strength and determination to save herself and the only man she has ever loved.
Young Han Solo finds adventure when he joins forces with a gang of galactic smugglers and a 190-year-old Wookie named Chewbacca. Indebted to the gangster Dryden Vos, the crew devises a daring plan to travel to the mining planet Kessel to steal a batch of valuable coaxium. In need of a fast ship, Solo meets Lando Calrissian, the suave owner of the perfect vessel for the dangerous mission -- the Millennium Falcon.
Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool meets Russell, an angry teenage mutant who lives at an orphanage. When Russell becomes the target of Cable -- a genetically enhanced soldier from the future -- Deadpool realizes that he'll need some help saving the boy from such a superior enemy. He soon joins forces with Bedlam, Shatterstar, Domino and other powerful mutants to protect young Russell from Cable and his advanced weaponry.
In the summer of 1972, Lee Radziwill asks photographer Peter Beard to help her make a film about her childhood on Long Island. Radziwill's eccentric cousins, Edith Bouvier Beale and her mother Edith Ewing Bouvier, become the focus of the project as they are about to be evicted from their rundown East Hampton property.
Pope Francis embarks on a personal journey to present his work of reform and answer today's global questions -- from his deep concern for the poor and wealth inequality to his involvement in environmental issues, social justice and calls for peace.
In 1962, newlyweds Edward and Florence, both in their early 20s and also both virgins, spend their honeymoon preoccupied and terrified by the upcoming consummation of their marriage.
The pastor of a small church in upstate New York spirals out of control after a soul-shaking encounter with an unstable environmental activist and his pregnant wife.
Kai is a lonely teenage boy who lives in a small fishing village. One day, he meets and befriends Lu, a fun-loving mermaid whose singing is hypnotic to all who hear it.
Two high school misfits join forces in an attempt to overtake the local school board. Guided by their families, they enter the perilous word of politics and, in the process, learn a thing or two about love.
In October 2008, WFMU radio reporter Clay Pigeon takes to the streets of New York to talk to people about their lives, their dreams, and their relationship with a transforming city.
Visionary medical practitioners work on the cutting edge of life and death.
In a quiet seaside village in China, two victims of a brutal assault find themselves trapped in a web of danger and violence.
Marlo is a New York suburbanite who's about to give birth to her third child. Her husband, Ron, is loving and works hard, but remains clueless about the demands that motherhood puts on his wife. When the baby is born, Marlo's wealthy brother hires a nighttime nanny named Tully to help his sister handle the workload. Hesitant at first, Marlo soon learns to appreciate all that Tully does -- forming a special bond with her new, lifesaving friend.
After a failed anti-Nazi sabotage mission leaves his 11 comrades dead, Norwegian resistance fighter Jan Baalsrud finds himself fleeing from the Gestapo through the snowbound reaches of Scandinavia.
Iron Man, Thor, the Hulk and the rest of the Avengers unite to battle their most powerful enemy yet -- the evil Thanos. On a mission to collect all six Infinity Stones, Thanos plans to use the artifacts to inflict his twisted will on reality. The fate of the planet and existence itself has never been more uncertain as everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment.
Rachel Dolezal, the former leader of the NAACP's Spokane branch, becomes a national news story when she is exposed for faking her black ancestry.
Socially awkward Liam has been home-schooled his whole life. When he falls in love with a popular one-legged girl, he abandons his mother's suffocating love and enrolls in a public school, entering a world of sex, drugs and social studies.
New York photographer Ronit Krushka flies to London after learning about the death of her estranged father. Ronit is returning to the same Orthodox Jewish community that shunned her decades earlier for her childhood attraction to Esti, a female friend. Their fortuitous and happy reunion soon reignites their burning passion as the two women explore boundaries of faith and sexuality.
An introverted high school girl from a working-class background falls in love with her wealthy debate team nemesis and realizes they share more in common than they thought.
In 1946 a London-based writer begins exchanging letters with residents on the island of Guernsey, which was German-occupied during WWII. Feeling compelled to visit the island, she starts to get a picture of what it was like during the occupation.
A Connecticut nurse finds herself at the center of a political firestorm and a Supreme Court case centering on eminent domain.
Women train and test for space flight in 1961, but their dreams are dashed when only men are selected to become astronauts.
After a riding accident leaves him unable to compete on the rodeo circuit, a young cowboy searches for a new purpose.
The crew of a horror web series travels to an abandoned asylum for a live broadcast. It soon encounters much more than expected as it moves deeper inside the nightmarish old building.
It's the summer of 1980, and Björn Borg is the top tennis player in the world, dominating the sport both on and off the court. A powerful and rigorously disciplined player, there is only one obstacle in his pursuit of a record-breaking fifth Wimbledon championship: the highly talented but ferociously abrasive young American John McEnroe. With three days until the tournament begins, Borg trains religiously in his lavish Monaco home, aided by his coach and mentor Lennart and girlfriend Mariana.
With World War I looming, Robert Conroy, a young Army private, adopts a stray, stump-tailed terrier. Conroy names his new friend Stubby and gives him a home, a family, and a chance to embark on the adventure that would define a century. The two quickly find themselves in the trenches of France and on the path to history. French soldier Gaston Baptiste befriends the man and dog and accompanies them along their epic journey through harsh conditions and incredible acts of courage.
A chauvinist gets a taste of his own medicine when he wakes up in a world dominated by women.
When, by executive decree, all the canine pets of Megasaki City are exiled to a vast garbage-dump called Trash Island, 12-year-old Atari sets off alone in a miniature Junior-Turbo Prop and flies across the river in search of his bodyguard-dog, Spots. There, with the assistance of a pack of newly-found mongrel friends, he begins an epic journey that will decide the fate and future of the entire Prefecture.
The lives of a luchador, an ex-con and an addict collide when an organ harvesting scheme goes awry.
A contract killer uncovers a conspiracy while trying to save a kidnapped teen from a life of prostitution.
On July 18, 1969, Sen. Ted Kennedy drives his car off of a bridge on Massachusetts' Chappaquiddick Island. The accident results in the death of passenger Mary Jo Kopechne, a 28-year-old campaign strategist who worked for Kennedy. The ongoing investigation into the mysterious and scandalous events forever alters his political legacy -- and ultimately changes the course of presidential history.
Charley, a teen living with his single father, finds work caring for an aging racehorse named Lean on Pete. When he learns Pete is bound for slaughter, the two embark on an odyssey across the new American frontier in search of a place to call home.
Two brothers receive a cryptic video message inspiring them to revisit the UFO death cult they escaped a decade earlier. Hoping to find the closure that they couldn't find as young men, they're forced to reconsider the cult's beliefs when confronted with unexplainable phenomena surrounding the camp. As the members prepare for the coming of a mysterious event, the brothers race to unravel the seemingly impossible truth before their lives become permanently entangled with the cult.
If they hear you, they hunt you. A family must live in silence to avoid mysterious creatures that hunt by sound. Knowing that even the slightest whisper or footstep can bring death, Evelyn and Lee are determined to find a way to protect their children while desperately searching for a way to fight back.
A gifted basketball player struggles to fit in with his new team at an elite prep school.
A portrait of Martin Luther King Jr. during the last years of his life, from his part in the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to his assassination in 1968.
Investors seeking new alternatives for high returns find a gold mine in China -- until the discovery of a massive web of fraud calls everything else into question.
An ex-convict tries to readjust to life in his small town and forms an intense relationship with his former high school teacher.
Activists protest the widespread practice of nonreligious circumcision.
Sam is a New York artist and former AIDS activist who is disillusioned with the world around him. While dredging up buried memories and resentments to make a film about a friend he lost to AIDS, Sam gets caught up in a relationship with Braeden. At first critical of the young man for his generation's failure to appreciate how easy they have it, Sam slowly realizes that he has much to learn about what gay life is like today.
In 2045, the planet is on the brink of chaos and collapse, but people find salvation in the OASIS, an expansive virtual reality universe created by James Halliday. When Halliday dies, he promises his immense fortune to the first person to discover a digital Easter egg that's hidden somewhere in the OASIS. When young Wade Watts joins the contest, he finds himself becoming an unlikely hero in a reality-bending treasure hunt through a fantastical world of mystery, discovery and danger.
The meaning of gardening and its impact on our lives.
In rural middle America, a 12-year-old girl prepares for her first deer hunt. As she learns how to hunt and clean a deer, she gains a deeper understanding of life and death.
Siblings have to learn to trust each other again when their father falls ill.
A teen must face her fears in increasingly dangerous ways when horrible giants threaten to destroy her small town.
Filmmaker Rebecca Miller presents a portrait of her father, the prolific American playwright Arthur Miller.
Chef Osamu Tomita takes cameras into his kitchen, where he shares recipes, trade secrets and his thoughts on flavors.
In 1918 British officers who are led by a deranged commander in Ainse await their fate.
Everyone deserves a great love story, but for 17-year-old Simon Spier, it's a little more complicated. He hasn't told his family or friends that he's gay, and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate that he's fallen for online. Resolving both issues proves hilarious, terrifying and life-changing.
A dog comes to the rescue and helps heal a broken family when a boy and his sister stumble into serious danger.
Growing up in Greenville, Texas, Bart Millard suffers physical and emotional abuse at the hands of his father, Arthur. When Arthur becomes terminally ill, he finds redemption by embracing his faith and rediscovering his love for his son. Years later, Bart's troubled childhood and mended relationship with his dad inspires him to write the hit song "I Can Only Imagine" as singer of the Christian band MercyMe.
Three disenfranchised British lads, intent on making a grand and brutish statement on economic inequality in the United Kingdom, use a wealthy banker and his family as their sacrificial lambs.
Childhood friends Lily and Amanda reconnect in suburban Connecticut after years of growing apart. Lily has turned into a polished upper-class teenager who has a fancy boarding school on her transcript and a coveted internship on her resume. Amanda has developed a sharp wit and her own particular attitude but all in the process of becoming a social outcast. Though they initially seem completely at odds, the pair eventually bond and hatch a plan to solve both of their problems.
When tyrannical dictator Joseph Stalin dies in 1953, his parasitic cronies square off in a frantic power struggle to become the next Soviet leader. Among the contenders are the dweebish Georgy Malenkov, the wily Nikita Khrushchev and Lavrenti Beria -- the sadistic secret police chief. As they bumble, brawl and back-stab their way to the top, the question remains -- just who is running the government?
The life and music of Israeli conductor and musician Itzhak Perlman.
Former ballet student Tara Webster longs to return to her dreams after a devastating injury leaves her unable to dance.
A 19-year-old woman falls into a deep depression after the birth of her first son. In her paranoia, she begins to hear voices and comes to believe that a strange entity is haunting her child.
A village in Quebec is terrorized by a flesh-eating plague.
The stories behind war photographer Christopher Hondros' most famous photos.
A commando force from the Chinese navy intercepts terrorists and rescues Chinese citizens in Yemen.
Max and Annie's weekly game night gets kicked up a notch when Max's brother Brooks arranges a murder mystery party -- complete with fake thugs and federal agents. So when Brooks gets kidnapped, it's all supposed to be part of the game. As the competitors set out to solve the case, they start to learn that neither the game nor Brooks are what they seem to be. The friends soon find themselves in over their heads as each twist leads to another unexpected turn over the course of one chaotic night.
In 1844, the young Karl Marx meets Friedrich Engles, who shares his views on the exploitation of the working class.
A harrowing look at a daily life behind the walls of a prison.
Lena, a biologist and former soldier, joins a mission to uncover what happened to her husband inside Area X -- a sinister and mysterious phenomenon that is expanding across the American coastline. Once inside, the expedition discovers a world of mutated landscapes and creatures, as dangerous as it is beautiful, that threatens both their lives and their sanity.
An estranged Russian couple going through a brutal divorce both have new partners and want to start over until their 12-year-old son disappears after witnessing one of their fights.
Scottish psychiatrist R.D. Laing performs various daring experiments on people who were diagnosed as mentally disturbed.
After the death of his father, T'Challa returns home to the African nation of Wakanda to take his rightful place as king. When a powerful enemy suddenly reappears, T'Challa's mettle as king -- and as Black Panther -- gets tested when he's drawn into a conflict that puts the fate of Wakanda and the entire world at risk. Faced with treachery and danger, the young king must rally his allies and release the full power of Black Panther to defeat his foes and secure the safety of his people.
When some German construction workers begin a challenging new job in the Bulgarian countryside, their sense of adventure is awakened, but so, too, are their prejudices.
Four young people are forced to break the taboos of Iranian society.
After a devastating breakup, a singer-songwriter moves in with her strictly Catholic mother and forms an unexpected friendship with the wife of an old rival.
An ongoing feud between punk rockers and a more affluent clique in a small Texas town leads to a hate crime.
Women's rights attorney Gloria Allred takes on two of the biggest adversaries of her career -- Bill Cosby and Donald Trump -- as sexual violence allegations grip the nation and keep her in the spotlight.
A logger and his father head to their hunting cabin, hoping for a quiet weekend. Instead, they find themselves in a kill-or-be-killed stand for survival when they encounter a gang of ruthless drug traffickers.
A transgender singer faces scorn and discrimination after the sudden death of her older boyfriend.
A teen football star who is being courted by a top club is torn between wanting to live up to his father's expectations or shedding his ill-fitting skin.
One year after avenging his brother's murder, MMA champion Kurt Sloane finds himself imprisoned by a powerful gangster in Thailand. To win back his freedom, he must train for a fight against a 400-pound killer in an underground death match.
In 1892, legendary Army Capt. Joseph Blocker reluctantly agrees to escort a dying Cheyenne war chief and his family back to their tribal land. Embarking on a harrowing and perilous journey from Fort Berringer, N.M., to the grasslands of Montana, they soon encounter a young widow whose family was killed on the plains. The travelers must now band together to survive a punishing landscape that's crawling with hostile Comanches and vicious outliers.
After 9/11, two strangers who are stranded in LA embark on a road trip to get back to New York.
A 14-year-old miscreant sets out to prove he's ready to step into his older brother's shoes.
Young Mary follows a mysterious cat into the nearby forest and discovers an old broomstick and the strange Fly-by-Night flower, a rare plant that blossoms once every seven years. Together, the flower and the broomstick whisk Mary above the clouds, and far away to Endor College -- a school of magic run by headmistress Madam Mumblechook and the brilliant Doctor Dee. But there are terrible things happening at the school, and when Mary tells a lie, she must risk her life to try and set things right.
When alcoholic ex-cop Mike Kendall finds the body of a young woman, he becomes obsessed with redeeming himself by finding the killer. In the process, he puts himself and his family in danger while hanging out with an assortment of shady characters.
In 1991, talented figure skater Tonya Harding becomes the first American woman to complete a triple axel during a competition. In 1994, her world comes crashing down when her ex-husband conspires to injure Nancy Kerrigan, a fellow Olympic hopeful, in a poorly conceived attack that forces the young woman to withdraw from the national championship. Harding's life and legacy instantly become tarnished as she's forever associated with one of the most infamous scandals in sports history.
It's the summer of 1983, and precocious 17-year-old Elio Perlman is spending the days with his family at their 17th-century villa in Lombardy, Italy. He soon meets Oliver, a handsome doctoral student who's working as an intern for Elio's father. Amid the sun-drenched splendor of their surroundings, Elio and Oliver discover the heady beauty of awakening desire over the course of a summer that will alter their lives forever.
Renowned dressmaker Reynolds Woodcock and his sister Cyril are at the center of British fashion in 1950s London -- dressing royalty, movie stars, heiresses, socialites and debutantes. Women come and go in Woodcock's life, providing the confirmed bachelor with inspiration and companionship. His carefully tailored existence soon gets disrupted by Alma, a young and strong-willed woman who becomes his muse and lover.
Investigative filmmaker Cullen Hoback uncovers the truth behind a massive chemical spill that leaves 300,000 West Virginians without drinking water.
Settled in with the Brown family, Paddington the bear is a popular member of the community who spreads joy and marmalade wherever he goes. One fine day, he spots a pop-up book in an antique shop -- the perfect present for his beloved aunt's 100th birthday. When a thief steals the prized book, Paddington embarks on an epic quest to unmask the culprit before Aunt Lucy's big celebration.
Dr. Abe Mandelbaum moves into a nursing home and strikes up a friendship with Phil Nicoletti, a notorious gambler and womanizer. Their bond soon gets put to the test when they meet a nurse who thinks that her biological father lives in the home.
Katharine Graham is the first female publisher of a major American newspaper -- The Washington Post. With help from editor Ben Bradlee, Graham races to catch up with The New York Times to expose a massive cover-up of government secrets that spans three decades and four U.S. presidents. Together, they must overcome their differences as they risk their careers -- and very freedom -- to help bring long-buried truths to light.
Ulysses is a shy and effeminate boy who finds himself coping with new responsibilities as man of the house after the death of his father. Living alongside his mother, younger brother, and conservative aunt, Ulysses is also struggling with questions about his gender identity. He finds an escape by creating a world of fantasy filled with dance and music. Ulysses' journey takes a turn for the better when he finds a vibrant transgender community.
A young woman faces physical and emotional unrest after marrying a slave trader in Brazil in the early 1800s.
A minor incident between a Lebanese Christian and a Palestinian refugee turns into an explosive trial that ends up dividing the two communities.
The true story of Molly Bloom, a beautiful, young, Olympic-class skier who ran the world's most exclusive high-stakes poker game for a decade before being arrested in the middle of the night by 17 FBI agents wielding automatic weapons. Her players included Hollywood royalty, sports stars, business titans and finally, unbeknown to her, the Russian mob. Her only ally was her criminal defense lawyer Charlie Jaffey, who learned there was much more to Molly than the tabloids led people to believe.
A substitute drama teacher at a suburban high school develops a taboo relationship with an unstable student, sparking a trail of jealous sabotage from the student's peers.
Hollywood actress Gloria Grahame finds romance and happiness with a younger man, but her life changes forever when she is diagnosed with breast cancer in the 1970s.
Katja's life falls apart in the blink of an eye when two neo-Nazis kill her husband and 6-year-old son in a bomb attack. Her quest for justice soon pushes her to the edge as the two suspects stand trial for murder.
In 1973, kidnappers demand $17 million from billionaire J. Paul Getty in exchange for his grandson's release. Getty refuses to pay the perpetrators a single penny despite the desperate pleas from his former daughter-in-law Gail and adviser Fletcher Chase. With nowhere else to turn, Gail and Fletcher soon become unlikely allies in a race against time to save the teen's life.
Elisa is a mute, isolated woman who works as a cleaning lady in a hidden, high-security government laboratory in 1962 Baltimore. Her life changes forever when she discovers the lab's classified secret -- a mysterious, scaled creature from South America that lives in a water tank. As Elisa develops a unique bond with her new friend, she soon learns that its fate and very survival lies in the hands of a hostile government agent and a marine biologist.
The fate of Western Europe hangs on Winston Churchill in the early days of World War II. The newly appointed British prime minister must decide whether to negotiate with Hitler or fight on against incredible odds. During the next four weeks in 1940, Churchill cements his legacy as his courageous decisions and leadership help change the course of world history.
Four high school kids discover an old video game console and are drawn into the game's jungle setting, literally becoming the adult avatars they chose. What they discover is that you don't just play Jumanji - you must survive it. To beat the game and return to the real world, they'll have to go on the most dangerous adventure of their lives, discover what Alan Parrish left 20 years ago, and change the way they think about themselves - or they'll be stuck in the game forever.
A scholarship student and her boyfriend, the son of a German diplomat, are at the center of a media frenzy as they are tried and convicted of double homicide.
In 1944, when African-American wife and mother Recy Taylor is gang raped by six white men in Alabama, she speaks out against her attackers, putting herself and her family in danger.
The incredible true story of aspiring filmmaker and Hollywood outsider Tommy Wiseau as he and his best friend defiantly pursue their dreams and embark on the hilarious odyssey of making the now-infamous, cult classic "The Room."
An alcoholic cop experiences blackouts and starts turning into a werewolf when the full moon appears in the sky.
After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby, the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command, Officer Dixon -- an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence -- gets involved, the battle is only exacerbated.
Austrian actress Hedy Lamarr fled an oppressive marriage to create a name for herself as one of Hollywood's top leading ladies in the 1940s. Behind the glamour and sex appeal, though, was a talented and inquisitive inventor who created a radio system that is now considered the basis of Bluetooth technology.
Life in Cuba over the course of 45 years, from the cautious optimism of the early 1970s to the harrowing 1990s after the fall of the Soviet Union and the 2016 death of Fidel Castro. The focus is on three families and their growth and struggle.
Despite his family's generations-old ban on music, young Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead. After meeting a charming trickster named Héctor, the two new friends embark on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history.
In 1843 London, author Charles Dickens finds himself in financial trouble after writing three unsuccessful novels in a row. Desperate for a hit, Dickens relies on real-life inspiration and his vivid imagination to bring Ebenezer Scrooge, Tiny Tim and other classic characters to life in "A Christmas Carol," forever changing the holiday season into the celebration known today.
Using 100 hours of footage from the set of "Man on the Moon," filmmaker Chris Smith documents Jim Carrey's transformation into legendary performance artist and comedian Andy Kaufman.
Born with facial differences that, up until now, have prevented him from going to a mainstream school, Auggie Pullman becomes the most unlikely of heroes when he enters the local fifth grade. As his family, his new classmates, and the larger community all struggle to discover their compassion and acceptance, Auggie's extraordinary journey will unite them and prove you can't blend in when you were born to stand out.
Parvana is an 11-year-old girl who lives under Taliban rule in Afghanistan in 2001. After the wrongful arrest of her father, Parvana cuts off her hair and dresses like a boy to support her family. Working alongside a friend, she soon discovers a new world of freedom and danger. Drawing strength from the fantastical stories she invents, Parvana embarks on an epic quest to find her father and reunite her family.
Laura McAllan is trying to raise her children on her husband's Mississippi Delta farm, a place she finds foreign and frightening. In the midst of the family's struggles, two young men return from the war to work the land. Jamie McAllan, Laura's brother-in-law, is everything her husband is not - charming and handsome, but he is haunted by his memories of combat. Ronsel Jackson, eldest son of the black sharecroppers who live on the McAllan farm, now battles the prejudice in the Jim Crow South.
After a publicized affair with her director, an actress leaves South Korea and goes to Hamburg, where she gains insight into the meanings of love and identity.
Derek Cho is having a really bad day. After being unjustly fired from his job, he discovers that the law firm's building is under quarantine for a mysterious and dangerous virus. Chaos erupts throughout the office as the victims of the disease begin acting out their wildest impulses. Joining forces with a former client who has a grudge of her own, Derek savagely fights tooth and nail to get to the executives on the top floor and settle the score once and for all.
Vicki, a young music school dropout struggles to make sense of her aimless life while caring for her dying 90-year-old father.
A college student starts to experience extreme seizures while studying at a university in Oslo, Norway. She soon learns that the violent episodes are a symptom of inexplicable, and often dangerous, supernatural abilities.
Thirty years after serving together in the Vietnam War, Larry "Doc" Shepherd, Sal Nealon and the Rev. Richard Mueller reunite for a different type of mission: to bury Doc's son, a young Marine killed in Iraq. Forgoing burial at Arlington National Cemetery, Doc and his old buddies take the casket on a bittersweet trip up the coast to New Hampshire. Along the way, the three men find themselves reminiscing and coming to terms with the shared memories of a war that continues to shape their lives.
Cursed with immortality, a highly skilled samurai in feudal Japan promises to help a young woman avenge the death of her parents. Their mission leads them into a bloody battle with a ruthless warrior and his band of master swordsmen.
American citizens in more than 25 states are followed as they set out on the morning of the presidential election, throughout the course of the day, until the polls close in the evening and the results are revealed.
The true, haunting story of young Jeffrey Dahmer -- the shy adolescent in high school who becomes a notorious serial killer years later.
A teenager (Saoirse Ronan) navigates a loving but turbulent relationship with her strong-willed mother (Laurie Metcalf) over the course of an eventful and poignant senior year of high school.
Annette and Elliot are a mostly happy, moderately neurotic Los Angeles couple. Maybe Annette doesn't enjoy game nights or taco stands as much as Elliot enjoys them, but no relationship is perfect, right? Rather than embracing their differences, Annette can only compare her relationship to her friends' relationships that portray happiness. This cannot be endorsed by Annette's beautiful but romantically troubled best friend, Baker, who is very well-versed on the bleakness of the LA dating scene.
Imprisoned on the other side of the universe, the mighty Thor finds himself in a deadly gladiatorial contest that pits him against the Hulk, his former ally and fellow Avenger. Thor's quest for survival leads him in a race against time to prevent the all-powerful Hela from destroying his home world and the Asgardian civilization.
A detective falls in love with two sisters from the Montemar family.
Disaster strikes when a curator hires a public relations team to build some buzz for his renowned Swedish museum.
A young housewife challenges the status quo by fighting for women's suffrage in 1971 Switzerland.
Sgt. Adam Schumann tries to readjust to civilian life after returning home from the war in Iraq. Fellow soldier Tausolo Aeiti must deal with the aftermath of a bombing that left him with a traumatic brain injury. Will Waller searches for normalcy after surviving several explosions, while Michael Emory must deal with the effects of a sniper's bullet to the head. With memories of the battlefield still lingering, the soldiers soon begin their long journey to physical and emotional rehabilitation.
Actor and director Griffin Dunne uses a treasure trove of archival footage to chronicle Joan Didion's influential career.
A 17-year-old trains to become a nun as the Roman Catholic Church undergoes radical changes in the early 1960s.
A young farmer numbs his frustrations with drinking and casual sex until a Romanian migrant worker sets him on a new path.
A video artist quickly realizes she has made a mistake when she meets a serial killer in a cabin.
A mild-mannered farmer embarks on a bloody quest to avenge his mother's murder. He soon discovers her dark past while wading through the criminal underworld of Belfast, Ireland.
A getaway driver is double-crossed during a bank robbery gone wrong. With his family on the line, he races to find out exactly who betrayed him before time runs out.
In 1945, Izak was born inside the Bergen-Belsen displaced persons camp and sent for adoption in Israel. Secret details of his birth mother, an unknown brother in Canada and his father's true identity slowly emerge in this investigative, biographical film. The plight of displaced persons come to the fore when Izak and Shep -- the almost 70-year-old brothers -- finally meet in Canada, then head to a nursing home in Quebec to introduce Shep to his elderly mother, Aida, for the first time.
Dr. Steven Murphy is a renowned cardiovascular surgeon who presides over a spotless household with his wife and two children. Lurking at the margins of his idyllic suburban existence is Martin, a fatherless teen who insinuates himself into the doctor's life in gradually unsettling ways. Soon, the full scope of Martin's intent becomes menacingly clear when he confronts Steven with a long-forgotten transgression that will shatter his domestic bliss forever.
After the death of his wife, Bill and his 17-year-old son, Wes, move from a small town to a big city for a fresh start. As they begin to adjust to life in the city and seek ways to heal their wounds, they both find comfort in newfound romances. Although circumstances contribute to Bill and Wes growing apart, they come back together and rediscover their true selves in the process.
Through hope, determination, sacrifice and the drive to protect families and communities, the Granite Mountain Hotshots become one of the most elite firefighting teams in the country. While most people run from danger, they run toward it -- watching over lives, homes and everything people hold dear, forging a unique brotherhood that comes into focus with one fateful fire in Yarnell, Ariz.
Richard Turner becomes one of the world's greatest card magicians, despite being completely blind.
Lucy Cohen follows a mother and her seven children as they experience the grief of their father's suicide. She records their hardships as they attempt to recover emotionally and financially.
If behind every great man is a great woman, then Harvard psychologist and inventor Dr. William Moulton Marston has the good fortune of having two -- his wife Elizabeth and their mutual lover Olive Byrne. In addition to helping him perfect the lie detector test, the two women also inspire him to create one of the greatest female superheroes of all time -- the beloved comic book character Wonder Woman.
After contracting polio at the age of 28, Robin Cavendish is confined to a bed and given only months to live. With help from his wife Diana and her twin brothers, and the groundbreaking ideas of inventor Teddy Hall, Cavendish emerges from the hospital ward and devotes the rest of his life to helping fellow patients and the disabled.
Every year 1.3 billion tons of food is thrown away. Filmmakers explore the reasons for this waste and ways to fix the problem.
When Cole stays up past his bedtime, he discovers that his hot baby sitter belongs to a satanic cult that will stop at nothing to keep him quiet.
Tree Gelbman is a blissfully self-centered collegian who wakes up on her birthday in the bed of a student named Carter. As the morning goes on, Tree gets the eerie feeling that she's experienced the events of this day before. When a masked killer suddenly takes her life in a brutal attack, she once again magically wakes up in Carter's dorm room unharmed. Now, the frightened young woman must relive the same day over and over until she figures out who murdered her.
The accidental death of her rapist sets an art student on a course for justice, fueling the inspiration for her thesis exhibition.
Quan is a humble London businessman whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love -- his teenage daughter -- dies in a senseless act of politically motivated terrorism. His relentless search to find the terrorists leads to a cat-and-mouse conflict with a British government official whose own past may hold the clues to the identities of the elusive killers.
People race to find a cure for lycanthropy.
Finnish artist Touko Laaksonen becomes famous for his homoerotic works.
Young Thurgood Marshall faces one of his greatest challenges while working as a lawyer for the NAACP. Marshall travels to conservative Connecticut when wealthy socialite Eleanor Strubing accuses Black chauffeur Joseph Spell of sexual assault and attempted murder. He soon teams up with Sam Friedman, a local Jewish lawyer who's never handled a criminal case. Together, the two men build a defense while contending with racist and anti-Semitic views from those who deem Spell to be guilty.
After leaving London for the English countryside, writer A.A. Milne starts to spin fanciful yarns about his son's growing collection of stuffed animals. These stories form the basis for "Winnie-the-Pooh" and "The House at Pooh Corner," published respectively in 1926 and 1928. Milne and his family soon become swept up in the instant success of the books, while the enchanting tales bring hope and comfort to the rest of postwar England.
The adult children of Harold Meyerowitz reunite in New York in preparation for their father's career retrospective.
A young rock band, half from England and half from the US, drop out of college and move to the Sunset Strip to chase their dreams.
An in-depth look at the iconic shower scene in Alfred Hitchcock's "Psycho" - composed of 78 setups and 52 cuts - and the screen murder that profoundly changed world cinema.
More than 65 million people around the world have been forced from their homes to escape famine, climate change and war, the greatest displacement since World War II. Filmmaker Ai Weiwei examines the staggering scale of the refugee crisis and its profoundly personal human impact. Over the course of one year in 23 countries, Weiwei follows a chain of urgent human stories that stretch across the globe, including Afghanistan, France, Greece, Germany and Iraq.
Set in the shadow of the most magical place on Earth, 6-year-old Moonee and her two best friends forge their own adventures, while Moonee's struggling mom and a kindhearted motel manager protect the kids from the harsh reality that surrounds them.
Filmmakers explore the controversial use of marijuana and the evolution of society's perception of the drug, including today's push to decriminalize its use.
Ashley travels to the suburban home of the Lerners to baby-sit their 12-year-old son Luke at Christmastime. She must soon defend herself and the young boy when unwelcome intruders announce their arrival.
Filmmakers re-examine the 1992 death of transgender legend Marsha P. Johnson, who was found floating in the Hudson River. Originally ruled a suicide, many in the community believe she was murdered.
A former boxer loses his job as an auto mechanic, and his troubled marriage is about to expire. At this crossroads in his life, he feels that he has no better option than to work as a drug courier. He soon finds himself in a gunfight between police officers and his own ruthless allies. When the smoke clears, Bradley is badly hurt and thrown in prison, where his enemies force him to commit acts of violence that turn the place into a savage battleground.
Abdul Karim arrives from India to participate in Queen Victoria's golden jubilee. The young clerk is surprised to find favor with the queen herself. As Victoria questions the constrictions of her long-held position, the two forge an unlikely and devoted alliance that her household and inner circle try to destroy. As their friendship deepens, the queen begins to see a changing world through new eyes, joyfully reclaiming her humanity.
Director Agnès Varda and photographer and muralist JR journey through rural France and form an unlikely friendship.
From exotic jungles, high mountains and remote islands, filmmakers Richard Dale, Peter Webber and Fan Lixin capture the awesome beauty of nature over the course of one day.
Officer K (Ryan Gosling), a new blade runner for the Los Angeles Police Department, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. His discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), a former blade runner who's been missing for 30 years.
Gay Talese investigates Gerald Foos, a Colorado motel owner who spies on his guests. Using a carefully constructed platform in the motel's attic, Foos documents his guests most private moments, from the mundane to the shocking.
The life of Mexican singer Chavela Vargas, who gains worldwide fame for her beauty and charm and her interpretation of traditional ranchera.
Addie Moore and Louis Waters, a widow and widower, have lived next door to each other for years. When Addie tries to make a connection with her neighbor, the two begin sleeping in bed together platonically, with the innocent goal of alleviating their shared loneliness. As their relationship deepens, however, they each deal with grief and loss, and a real romance begins to blossom.
A young man discovers he has feelings for his best friend as he watches him pursue a young woman.
A woman accidentally kills her husband during a kinky game. Handcuffed to her bed with no hope of rescue, she begins hearing voices and seeing strange visions.
The 1973 tennis match between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs became the most watched televised sports event of all time. Trapped in the media glare, King and Riggs were on opposites sides of a binary argument, but off-court each was fighting more personal and complex battles. With her husband urging her to fight for equal pay, the private King was also struggling to come to terms with her own sexuality, while Riggs gambled his legacy and reputation in a bid to relive the glories of his past.
Filmmaker Rory Kennedy provides an account of the career of big wave surfer Laird Hamilton, a man who has spent his life conquering untamable walls of water.
Teenagers Zach and Josh have been best friends their whole lives, but when a gruesome accident leads to a cover-up, the secret drives a wedge between them and propels them down a rabbit hole of escalating paranoia and violence.
Barry Seal, a TWA pilot, is recruited by the CIA to provide reconnaissance on the burgeoning communist threat in Central America and soon finds himself in charge of one of the biggest covert CIA operations in the history of the United States. The operation spawns the birth of the Medellin cartel and almost brings down the Reagan White House.
Mystery surrounds the death of famed painter Vincent van Gogh in 1890 France.
Citizens document police interactions with the public to expose brutality and harassment.
Jeff Bauman loses both of his legs when two bombs explode during the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. After regaining consciousness in the hospital, Jeff is able to help law enforcement identify one of the suspects, but his own battle is just beginning. With unwavering support from his family and girlfriend, Bauman embarks on a long and heroic journey to physical and emotional rehabilitation.
Filmmaker Chris Moukarbel introduces the woman behind the performer, the costumes, the glitz and the glamour.
Chronicling the history of the Boston Marathon, beginning with its humble origin as a 15-man event.
The German war machine arrives in Oslo in April 1940, leaving Norway's king with a difficult choice that will change his country forever.
Sami Malik, a young Indian, travels to America in the 1970s. He dreams of becoming an engineer to impress his childhood crush and live up to the legacy of his father, a legendary tiger hunter. When Sami's job falls through, he takes a low-end job and joins with a gang of oddball friends in hopes of convincing his childhood sweetheart that he's far more successful than he truly is -- or perhaps ever could be.
Loung Ung is 5 years old when the Khmer Rouge assumes power over Cambodia in 1975. They soon begin a four-year reign of terror and genocide in which nearly 2 million Cambodians die. Forced from her family's home in Phnom Penh, Ung is trained as a child soldier while her six siblings are sent to labor camps.
Sherry, a self-destructive makeup saleswoman, hopes a new man and business venture will provide her a fresh start. After her plans are foiled, she takes control of her life in a dramatic turn of events.
An in-depth portrait of master shoe designer Manolo Blahnik and a behind-the-scenes look into the world of the fashion icon.
A portrait of the Avett Brothers, a North Carolina band, as they create their album "True Sadness."
Seven young outcasts in Derry, Maine, are about to face their worst nightmare -- an ancient, shape-shifting evil that emerges from the sewer every 27 years to prey on the town's children. Banding together over the course of one horrifying summer, the friends must overcome their own personal fears to battle the murderous, bloodthirsty clown known as Pennywise.
A Ph.D. student finds herself unable to make new memories after a failed wormhole experiment.
Welles Crowther saves at least 10 people in the World Trade Center during the attacks on 9/11 at the cost of his own life.
In 1947, British statesman Lord Mountbatten serves as India's last Viceroy and is charged with handing India back to its people.
Filmmaker Jon Brewer examines the life and career of British guitarist and songwriter Mick Ronson.
Emma, a brilliant but awkward app designer, moves to San Francisco with her adorable cat and energetic mutt after her boyfriend betrays her. One night, drawn by the light of a supermoon, Emma's pets escape into the night and are transformed into adult men, forcing Emma to reconsider her outlook on dating and work on her trust issues.
Polina, a gifted Bolshoi ballerina, falls in love with a French dancer who introduces her to contemporary dance and leads her to travel the world.
Honed from childhood to be an elite assassin, Sook-hee embarks on a rampage of violence and revenge to finally earn her freedom and escape her past.
A bank robber stops at nothing to free his brother from prison, launching himself into a nightlong odyssey through New York's dark and dangerous criminal underworld.
Michael Spurlock decides to trade in his corporate sales career to become a pastor. Unfortunately, his first assignment is to close a country church and sell the prime piece of land where it sits. He soon has a change of heart when the church starts to welcome refugees from Burma. Spurlock now finds himself working with the refugees to turn the land into a working farm to pay the church's bills.
Following the death of her mother and a series of self-inflicted setbacks, young Ingrid Thorburn escapes a humdrum existence by moving out West to befriend her Instagram obsession, a Los Angeles socialite named Taylor Sloane. After a quick bond is forged between these unlikeliest of buddies, the facade begins to crack in both women's lives -- with comically malicious results.
A look at the people who remain loyal to the typewriter as a tool and muse, and a portrait of California Typewriter, a typewriter service and sales company in Berkeley that has been in business since 1949.
Recently released from prison, a gang member finds himself forced by his leaders to orchestrate a major crime with a rival gang.
West Virginia family man Jimmy Logan teams up with his one-armed brother Clyde and sister Mellie to steal money from the Charlotte Motor Speedway in North Carolina. Jimmy also recruits demolition expert Joe Bang to help them break into the track's underground system. Complications arise when a mix-up forces the crew to pull off the heist during a popular NASCAR race while also trying to dodge a relentless FBI agent.
Eli and Daniel, two Korean American brothers who own a struggling women's shoe store, have an unlikely friendship with 11-year-old Kamilla. On the first day of the 1992 L.A. riots, the trio must defend the store while contemplating the meaning of family and thinking about personal dreams and the future.
Eighty-six-year-old Marjorie spends her final, ailing days with a computerized version of her deceased husband. With the intent to recount their life together, Marjorie's Prime relies on the information from her and her kin to develop a more complex understanding of his history. As their interactions deepen, the family begins to develop diverging recounts of their lives, drawn into the chance to reconstruct the often painful past.
In 1980, police in Brooklyn, N.Y., charge teenage immigrant Colin Warner with murder. Convicted for a crime he didn't commit, Colin spends years in prison while his friend Carl King fights for the young man's freedom.
Former toy maker Sam Mullins and his wife, Esther, are happy to welcome a nun and six orphaned girls into their California farmhouse. Years earlier, the couple's 7-year-old daughter Annabelle died in a tragic car accident. Terror soon strikes when one child sneaks into a forbidden room and finds a seemingly innocent doll that appears to have a life of its own.
Steve and Rob sample the restaurants and hotels of the Spanish coastline, trading jokes and impressions over their lunches.
Marie and Boris decide to get a divorce after 15 years of marriage. Tensions rise when cash-strapped Boris must continue to live with Marie and the two children while trying to figure out how to divide the assets.
One-eyed high school senior Matt meets plus size Jill and falls more in love than he ever thought possible. However, when graduation comes and Jill moves cross-country to go to college, she undergoes a major physical transformation. When Matt struggles to accept Jill's new look, Jill begins to question whether Matt is really the man she thought she knew. As the distance widens between them, the characters are forced to confront who they were, and who everyone thinks they're supposed to be.
When filmmaker Bryan Fogel sets out to uncover the truth about doping in sports, a chance meeting with a Russian scientist transforms his story from a personal experiment into a geopolitical thriller. Dirty urine, unexplained death and Olympic gold are all part of the exposure of the biggest scandal in sports history.
Cory Lambert is a wildlife officer who finds the body of an 18-year-old woman on an American Indian reservation in snowy Wyoming. When the autopsy reveals that she was raped, FBI agent Jane Banner arrives to investigate. Teaming up with Lambert as a guide, the duo soon find that their lives are in danger while trying to solve the mystery of the teen's death.
Irish filmmaker Simon Fitzmaurice refuses to let a diagnosis of Motor Neuron Disease stop him from directing a feature film using only his eyes to communicate via a computer.
In the summer of 1967, rioting and civil unrest starts to tear apart the city of Detroit. Two days later, a report of gunshots prompts the Detroit Police Department, the Michigan State Police and the Michigan Army National Guard to search and seize an annex of the nearby Algiers Motel. Several policemen start to flout procedure by forcefully and viciously interrogating guests to get a confession. By the end of the night, three unarmed men are gunned down while several others are brutally beaten.
Deep in the heart of New York's notoriously secretive Hasidic Jewish community, Menashe, a good-hearted but somewhat hapless grocery store clerk, struggles against tradition to keep custody of his only son after his wife passes away.
Sensual and savage, Lorraine Broughton is the most elite spy in MI6, an agent who's willing to use all of her lethal skills to stay alive during an impossible mission. With the Berlin Wall about to fall, she travels into the heart of the city to retrieve a priceless dossier and take down a ruthless espionage ring. Once there, she teams up with an embedded station chief to navigate her way through the deadliest game of spies.
China's deadliest special forces operative settles into a quiet life on the sea. When sadistic mercenaries begin targeting nearby civilians, he must leave his newfound peace behind and return to his duties as a soldier and protector.
The show "Brigsby Bear Adventures" is a children's television program produced for an audience of one: James Pope. When the series abruptly ends, Pope's life changes forever as he sets out to finish the storyline himself. To do that, he must learn how to cope with the realities of a new world that he knows nothing about.
Filmmaker Catherine Bainbridge examines the role of Native Americans in contemporary music history. She exposes a critical missing chapter, revealing how indigenous musicians helped influence popular culture.
Billy Hayes, the inspiration behind the blockbuster "Midnight Express," returns to Turkey 30 years after his daring escape to meet with a group of Turkish policemen.
Claire is a tightly wound midwife who forms an unlikely friendship with Béatrice, her late father's free-spirited mistress. Though polar opposites, the two women come to rely on each other after Béatrice reveals that she has brain cancer.
Two sisters come of age in '90s New York when they discover their dad's affair. Eventually, they learn he's not the only cheater in the family.
In May 1940, Germany advanced into France, trapping Allied troops on the beaches of Dunkirk. Under air and ground cover from British and French forces, troops were slowly and methodically evacuated from the beach using every serviceable naval and civilian vessel that could be found. At the end of this heroic mission, 330,000 French, British, Belgian and Dutch soldiers were safely evacuated.
Best friends Ryan, Sasha, Lisa and Dina are in for the adventure of a lifetime when they travel to New Orleans for the annual Essence Festival. Along the way, they rekindle their sisterhood and rediscover their wild side by doing enough dancing, drinking, brawling and romancing to make the Big Easy blush.
A progressive Dutch couple, Martin Verfondern and Margo Pool, arrive in the crumbling Spanish village of Santoalla. The foreigners challenge the traditions of the town's sole remaining family, igniting a decade-long conflict that culminates in Martin's mysterious disappearance. As this once forgotten landscape is thrust into the center of controversy, Margo finds herself searching not only for answers, but for the strength to persevere.
Coral reefs around the world are vanishing at an unprecedented rate. Divers, photographers and scientists set out on an ocean adventure to discover why the reefs are disappearing and to reveal the underwater mystery to the world.
In rural England, 1865, a woman who is trapped in a loveless marriage to a much older man begins a passionate affair with a man her own age.
Kumail is a Pakistani comic, who meets an American graduate student named Emily at one of his stand-up shows. As their relationship blossoms, he soon becomes worried about what his traditional Muslim parents will think of her. When Emily suddenly comes down with an illness that leaves her in a coma, Kumail finds himself developing a bond with her deeply concerned mother and father.
Ellen is an unruly 20-year-old anorexic girl who spent the better part of her teenage years being shepherded through various recovery programs, only to find herself several pounds lighter every time. Determined to find a solution, her dysfunctional family agrees to send her to a group home for youths, which is led by a non-traditional doctor. Surprised by the unusual rules, Ellen must discover for herself how to confront her addiction and attempt self-acceptance.
Alejandro Jodorowsky, an 87- year-old auteur director, recounts his young adulthood in a bohemian Santiago de Chile and his breakthrough as a poet.
Caesar (Andy Serkis) and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless colonel (Woody Harrelson). After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As the journey finally brings them face to face, Caesar and the colonel are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both of their species and the future of the planet.
A passionate young couple, unexpectedly separated by a shocking loss, discover an eternal connection and a love that is infinite.
Thrilled by his experience with the Avengers, young Peter Parker returns home to live with his Aunt May. Under the watchful eye of mentor Tony Stark, Parker starts to embrace his newfound identity as Spider-Man. He also tries to return to his normal daily routine -- distracted by thoughts of proving himself to be more than just a friendly neighborhood superhero. Peter must soon put his powers to the test when the evil Vulture emerges to threaten everything that he holds dear.
Talented getaway driver Baby (Ansel Elgort) relies on the beat of his personal soundtrack to be the best in the game. After meeting the woman (Lily James) of his dreams, he sees a chance to ditch his shady lifestyle and make a clean break. Coerced into working for a crime boss (Kevin Spacey), Baby must face the music as a doomed heist threatens his life, love and freedom.
For 10 idyllic years, young Mija has been caretaker and constant companion to Okja - a massive animal and an even bigger friend - at her home in the mountains of South Korea. But that changes when family-owned, multinational conglomerate Mirando Corporation takes Okja for themselves and transports her to New York, where an image-obsessed and self-promoting CEO has big plans for Mija's dearest friend. With no particular plan but single-minded in intent, Mija sets out on a rescue mission.
John Paul DeJoria overcomes homelessness to become an entrepreneur, billionaire, philanthropist and actor.
Filmmaker Lorenzo DeStefano examines the life of young musician and composer Rachel Flowers.
Canadian folk artist Maud Lewis develops an unlikely romance with reclusive fishmonger Everett Lewis.
Fiona is a Canadian librarian who flies to Paris and discovers that her 88-year-old aunt is missing. As Fiona scours the city looking for her, she encounters Dom, a friendly but annoying tramp who won't leave her alone.
Tracking the progress of modern-day film score development, this documentary illustrates how the first few notes on a piano keyboard end up in the most dramatic moments of a film's emotional climax. Turning the spotlight on the creative struggles that make up a major motion picture score, this documentary showcases the way the world's top soundsmiths solve musical challenges - from the creative to the technical.
Toshio hires his old acquaintance and ex-con Yasaka in his workshop. Soon, Yasaka begins to meddle in Toshio's family life.
Ian Paisley, a staunch evangelical Protestant and advocate for Northern Ireland, and Martin McGuinness, a former leader of the IRA are forced to ride in a car together. Will their proximity help in the quest for peace?
Blindsided by a new generation of blazing-fast cars, the legendary Lighting McQueen finds himself pushed out of the sport that he loves. Hoping to get back in the game, he turns to Cruz Ramirez, an eager young technician who has her own plans for winning. With inspiration from the Fabulous Hudson Hornet and a few unexpected turns, No. 95 prepares to compete on Piston Cup Racing's biggest stage.
The true life story of Megan Leavey, a young Marine corporal whose unique discipline and bond with a military combat dog saved many lives during her deployment in Iraq. Assigned to clean up the K-9 unit after a disciplinary hearing, Leavey starts to identify with Rex, a particularly aggressive dog that she trains. Over the course of their service, Megan and Rex complete more than 100 missions until an improvised explosive device injures both, putting their fates in jeopardy.
After being involved in the fatal shooting of a local drug dealer, U.S. Marine Nelson Sanchez returns to the neighborhood he left behind years ago. Amid the fanfare and celebration, the brother of the deceased learns of Nelson's homecoming and vows revenge. Word reaches Nelson but instead of fleeing, he charts an unlikely path to break the cycle of violence that defined him.
The story of Gertrude Bell, who helped shape Iraq's destiny following WWI.
German soldier Stefan Brandt goes on a mission to investigate exiled German Monarch Kaiser Wilhelm II. The Kaiser lives in a secluded mansion in the Netherlands, and as Germany is taking over Holland, the country's authorities are concerned that Dutch spies may be watching the Kaiser. As Brandt begins to infiltrate the Kaiser's life in search of clues, he finds himself drawn into an unexpected and passionate romance with Mieke, one of the Kaiser's maids.
Before she was Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot), she was Diana, princess of the Amazons, trained to be an unconquerable warrior. Raised on a sheltered island paradise, Diana meets an American pilot (Chris Pine) who tells her about the massive conflict that's raging in the outside world. Convinced that she can stop the threat, Diana leaves her home for the first time. Fighting alongside men in a war to end all wars, she finally discovers her full powers and true destiny.
Anna and Ben can't stop fighting. Advised by their therapist to try and work through their grief unconventionally, they are reminded of their shared love of music. In a last-ditch effort to save their marriage, they decide to turn all of their fights into songs, and with the help of their neighbor, Dave, they start a band.
George Beard and Harold Hutchins are two overly imaginative pranksters who spend hours in a treehouse creating comic books. When their mean principal threatens to separate them into different classes, the mischievous boys accidentally hypnotize him into thinking that he's a ridiculously enthusiastic, incredibly dimwitted superhero named Captain Underpants.
A teenage girl is taken from her home and family and sent to a state school where indigenous students are converted into acceptable members of Swedish society.
Daniel Blake (Dave Johns) is a 59-year-old widowed carpenter who must rely on welfare after a recent heart attack leaves him unable to work. Despite his doctor's diagnosis, British authorities deny Blake's benefits and tell him to return to his job. As Daniel navigates his way through an agonizing appeal process, he begins to develop a strong bond with a destitute, single mother (Hayley Squires) who's struggling to take care of her two children.
Members of Buena Vista Social Club discuss their musical careers and the extraordinary circumstances that brought them together.
Immediately after the 9/11 attacks, teams of Green Berets went to Afghanistan on secret missions to overthrow the Taliban, resulting in 15 years of unexpected combat.
Personal desires clash with solidarity and tolerance in a Danish commune.
During a food shortage a survivalist lives off of a small plot of land in the forest. When two women show up looking for food and shelter, his existence is threatened.
In 1987, murderous couple John and Evelyn roam the streets of Perth, Australia, searching for their latest victim. Fate leads them to Vicki Maloney, a teen who snuck out of her house at night to go to a party. Now held captive in a room, Vicki must use her wits to try and drive a wedge between the crazed duo before they can finish her off.
Roger Stone, known as a master in the dark arts of politics, plants the seeds that allow businessmen and moguls such as Donald Trump to enter the political arena and upend the establishment.
After her fiance calls off their wedding a month before the ceremony, a woman decides to keep the reservation and trusts God will provide her with a husband.
In 2008, stockbroker, investment adviser and financier Bernie Madoff made headlines around the world when he was arrested for perpetrating perhaps the largest financial fraud in U.S. history.
Shaina is a historian who lives 600 years in the future. War, poverty, pollution, greed, exploitation, depression, loneliness: these are things that she's read about in history books. While visiting some physicists who experiment with time travel, Shaina becomes stranded in the year 2015. Now, she has the chance to experience the past.
Illustrated with performances, private videos, and recollections from those who knew him, we observe the life of the always provocative artist Chris Burden, whose work consistently challenged ideas about the limits and nature of modern art, from his notorious performances in the 1970s to his later assemblages, installations, kinetic and static sculptures, and scientific models.
Peter Quill and his fellow Guardians are hired by a powerful alien race, the Sovereign, to protect their precious batteries from invaders. When it is discovered that Rocket has stolen the items they were sent to guard, the Sovereign dispatch their armada to search for vengeance. As the Guardians try to escape, the mystery of Peter's parentage is revealed.
The life and art of iconic actor Heath Ledger.
Storyboard artist Harold Michelson and his wife, film researcher Lillian Michelson, were a talented couple once considered the heart of Hollywood. Harold and Lillian worked on hundreds of iconic films during Hollywood's golden age, including "The Ten Commandments," "The Apartment," "The Birds," "Full Metal Jacket" and more. Although the couple were responsible for some of Hollywood's most iconic examples of visual storytelling, their contributions remain largely uncredited.
A young woman and a damaged occultist risk their souls to perform a ritual.
A grieving father steals medicinal marijuana from a hospice, skips work and hangs out with his estranged neighbor's son, while his wife tries to get back to her daily routine as she fights off school teachers, stray kittens and dental clinic workers.
Arguably no one did more to shape understanding of the modern American city than Jane Jacobs, the visionary activist and author of "The Death and Life of Great American Cities" who fought to preserve urban communities in the face of destructive development projects. Here, she fights against the ruthless redevelopment projects of urban planner Robert Moses.
The life and work of legendary jazz musician John Coltrane, including commentary from Denzel Washington, Carlos Santana, Common, Cornell West, Bill Clinton and others.
Tom and Tommy Morris, father and son pioneers of professional golf, relied on skill, business acumen and working-class street smarts to make Tommy one of the world's first sports superstars and found the modern game of golf.
With Dom and Letty married, Brian and Mia retired and the rest of the crew exonerated, the globe-trotting team has found some semblance of a normal life. They soon face an unexpected challenge when a mysterious woman named Cipher forces Dom to betray them all. Now, they must unite to bring home the man who made them a family and stop Cipher from unleashing chaos.
The intersecting lives of teens on a surfing trip, a woman with a weak heart and two teams of doctors and medical experts.
Frank Adler (Chris Evans) is a single man raising a child prodigy - his spirited young niece Mary (Mckenna Grace) - in a coastal town in Florida. Frank's plans for a normal school life for Mary are foiled when the 7-year-old's mathematical abilities come to the attention of Frank's formidable mother, Evelyn (Lindsay Duncan), whose plans for her granddaughter threaten to separate Frank and Mary.
In 1940, a married woman (Gemma Arterton) and a screenwriter (Sam Claflin) develop a growing attraction while working together on a propaganda film about the evacuation of Allied troops from Dunkirk, France.
A teenage boy and girl embark on a quest to meet each other for the first time after they magically swap bodies.
Carrie (Bel Powley),a gifted woman who graduated from Harvard at 19, struggles to make sense of the world as it relates to morality, relationships, sex and leaving her New York apartment. Without a job and friends because of her unreasonably high standards, Carrie is told by her therapist to create a five-point plan to get herself on track.
The body of a homeless woman is found in an abandoned farmhouse, and a diary documenting a journey of starvation and the loss of sanity lies next to the body. For nearly four months, Linda Bishop, a prisoner of her own mind, survived on apples and rain water during one of the coldest winters on record. As her story unfolds from different perspectives, we learn about our systemic failure to protect those who cannot protect themselves.
The time is 1939 and the place is Poland, homeland of Antonina Zabinski and her husband, Dr. Jan Zabinski. The Warsaw Zoo flourishes under Jan's stewardship and Antonina's care. When their country is invaded by the Nazis, Jan and Antonina are forced to report to the Reich's newly appointed chief zoologist, Lutz Heck. The Zabinskis covertly begin working with the Resistance and put into action plans to save the lives of hundreds from what has become the Warsaw Ghetto.
Filmmakers Petra Epperlein and Michael Tucker travel to what was once East Germany to investigate the suicide of Epperlein's father, who may have been a spy for the Stasi security service.
Belle (Emma Watson), a bright, beautiful and independent young woman, is taken prisoner by a beast (Dan Stevens) in its castle. Despite her fears, she befriends the castle's enchanted staff and learns to look beyond the beast's hideous exterior, allowing her to recognize the kind heart and soul of the true prince that hides on the inside.
Hedge fund titan Bill Ackman is on a crusade to expose global nutritional giant Herbalife as the largest pyramid scheme in history, while Herbalife executives claim Ackman is a market manipulator out to bankrupt them.
First there was an opportunity, then there was a betrayal. Twenty years later, Mark Renton (Ewan McGregor) returns to the only place that he can ever call home. There waiting for him are old buddies Spud (Ewen Bremner), Sick Boy (Jonny Lee Miller) and Begbie (Robert Carlyle). Sorrow, loss, joy, vengeance, hatred, love, fear, regret, self-destruction and mortal danger are also all lined up and ready to welcome him.
A struggling painter is possessed by satanic forces after he and his family move into their dream home.
A dissolute private detective (Hiroshi Abe) attempts to reconnect with his distrustful family following the death of his father.
Anna is a bereft young German woman whose fiance, Frantz, was killed in the trenches of World War I. Adrien, a French veteran of the war, makes a mysterious appearance in her town, placing flowers on Frantz's grave. Adrien's presence is met with resistance by the small community still reeling from Germany's defeat, yet Anna gradually becomes closer to the handsome and melancholy young man, as she learns of his deep friendship with Frantz.
Zurich Condoll (Trevor Jackson) is a student at Frederick Douglass University and is proud to be a pledge at a famous African-American fraternity. But anti-hazing rules have driven his Hell Week underground, and the veteran members of his fraternity have degenerated into a pack of vicious, drunken, sadistic louts.
Scientists, soldiers and adventurers unite to explore a mythical, uncharted island in the Pacific Ocean. Cut off from everything they know, they venture into the domain of the mighty Kong, igniting the ultimate battle between man and nature. As their mission of discovery soon becomes one of survival, they must fight to escape from a primal world where humanity does not belong.
A reclusive young woman who dreams of becoming a children's author finds an unlikely mentor in the rich curmudgeon who lives next door.
The impact of the Supreme Court's ruling on same-sex marriage equality in the conservative town of Winters, Texas.
Stringent vegetarian Justine (Garance Marillier) encounters a decadent, merciless and dangerously seductive world during her first week at veterinary school. Desperate to fit in, she strays from her principles and eats raw meat for the first time. The young woman soon experiences terrible and unexpected consequences as her true self begins to emerge.
In Uncertain, Texas, an aquatic weed threatens the lake of this small American border town and the livelihoods of those who live there. As some of the men in town attempt to figure out their future, they confront a haunting past.
When a charismatic rabbi enters their lives, some women in Jerusalem attempt to unite their neighborhood and preserve their traditions.
In the near future, a weary Logan (Hugh Jackman) cares for an ailing Professor X (Patrick Stewart) at a remote outpost on the Mexican border. His plan to hide from the outside world gets upended when he meets a young mutant (Dafne Keen) who is very much like him. Logan must now protect the girl and battle the dark forces that want to capture her.
In the future, a strange fungus has changed nearly everyone into a thoughtless, flesh-eating monster. When a scientist and a teacher find a girl who seems to be immune to the fungus, they all begin a journey to save humanity.
Now that Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) and his girlfriend, Rose (Allison Williams), have reached the meet-the-parents milestone of dating, she invites him for a weekend getaway upstate with Missy and Dean. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined.
After being burglarized, a depressed woman (Melanie Lynskey) and her obnoxious neighbor set out to find the thieves, but they soon find themselves up against a group of dangerous criminals.
Comedian-songwriter Henry Phillips is lured to Los Angeles by renowned TV producer Jay Warren, who wants to create a television series about the struggling performer. With the support of his longtime musician friend Jillian and his well-meaning manager Ellen Pinsky, Henry endures the ups and downs of Hollywood. But when a major TV network gets involved with the show, Henry must decide whether his legacy will be to make jokes or become the butt of them.
A police officer (Nick Offerman) and some new friends help an orphan adjust to life at a foster home.
Three undocumented teenagers -- a Dominican girl, an African boy and a Peruvian girl -- are about to graduate high school in the Bronx, while working with a teacher and a lawyer to try to get proper documents to stay in the U.S. Forced to grow up quickly and navigate problems most adults don't even have to face, the students are really just American teenagers who want to be with their friends, fall in love, and push back against authority.
Young and beautiful Clara Barron (Karla Souza) seems to have it all -- a great job, a beautiful house in Los Angeles and a Mexican family that loves to have fun. The only thing Barron hasn't figured out is her love life. Pressured to go to a wedding in Mexico, she asks a co-worker to pose as her boyfriend for the weekend festivities. Caught off guard when her ex shows up to the ceremony, Clara must now choose between her former beau or the possibility of a new and exciting romance.
Filmmaker Greg MacGillivray explores the human ingenuity behind engineering marvels -- big and small -- and reveals the heart that drives engineers to create better lives for people around the world.
Hundreds of thousands of cats have roamed the metropolis of Istanbul freely for thousands of years, wandering in and out of people's lives, impacting them in ways only an animal who lives between the worlds of the wild and the tamed can. Cats and their kittens bring joy and purpose to those they choose, giving people an opportunity to reflect on life and their place in it. In Istanbul, cats are the mirrors to ourselves.
An aging anti-war activist decides to take his own life as his last political act.
In the 1940s, Prince Seretse Khama of Botswana shocks the world when he marries a white woman from London.
Members of the rock band Eagles of Death Metal recount their experiences before, during and after the terrorist attack at their concert in Paris on Nov. 13, 2015.
There are big changes brewing in Gotham, but if Batman (Will Arnett) wants to save the city from the Joker's (Zach Galifianakis) hostile takeover, he may have to drop the lone vigilante thing, try to work with others and maybe, just maybe, learn to lighten up. Maybe his superhero sidekick Robin (Michael Cera) and loyal butler Alfred (Ralph Fiennes) can show him a thing or two.
A group of German POWs are forced to dig up millions of land mines with their bare hands.
Checkpoints set up by the Israeli military and social expectations don't stop members of the Middle East's first all-women racing team as they speed between the cities of the West Bank in high-octane car races.
Retired super-assassin John Wick's plans to resume a quiet civilian life are cut short when Italian gangster Santino D'Antonio shows up on his doorstep with a gold marker, compelling him to repay past favors. Ordered by Winston, kingpin of secret assassin society The Continental, to respect the organization's ancient code, Wick reluctantly accepts the assignment to travel to Rome to take out D'Antonio's sister, the ruthless capo atop the Italian Camorra crime syndicate.
In 1970s suburban America, all 10-year-old Smith (Roni Akurati) wants to do is watch "Happy Days," play with his "Star Wars" figurines, and hang out with the girl-next-door. But things are not that easy when he has to deal with his overbearing father (Anjul Nigam) pushing his Indian heritage on him every second of every day.
In 1979, James Baldwin wrote a letter to his literary agent describing his next project, "Remember This House." The book was to be a revolutionary, personal account of the lives and assassinations of three of his close friends: Medgar Evers, Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr. At the time of Baldwin's death in 1987, he left behind only 30 completed pages of this manuscript. Filmmaker Raoul Peck envisions the book James Baldwin never finished.
Fresh from prison, wayward musician Jake Haynes says goodbye to California. His destination is Palestine, Ark., population 678. It's here -- among the cotton fields and gospel churches -- where his father, Henry Haynes, lives and works as a crop duster pilot. Though they've never met, Jake holds Henry responsible for all of his life's troubles and losses. Bent on revenge, Jake rolls into this one-horse town hardened and lonely, but he soon finds everything he needs in the people he meets there.
Footage of intimate rehearsals and breathtaking dance sequences highlight the life and career of Ohad Naharin, choreographer and artistic director of the Batsheva Dance Company.
Don Servando Villegas (Héctor Bonilla) is an old-fashioned Mexican patriarch who gets kicked out of his retirement home for bad behavior. With no place else to go, Don must now live with his estranged son Francisco (Benny Ibarra de Llano) in the house that he shares with his girlfriend. New Age collides with old age as father and child soon start to clash over just about everything.
After their flat becomes damaged, Emad (Shahab Hosseini) and Rana (Taraneh Alidoosti), a young couple living in Tehran, Iran, must move into another apartment. Once relocated, a sudden eruption of violence linked to the previous tenant of their new home dramatically changes their lives, creating a simmering tension between husband and wife.
Sophie, a girl from small-town South Carolina, falls in love with a Japanese gardener in 1941. A wave of misguided patriotism and xenophobia sweeps their community after Pearl Harbor, leaving Sophie with no choice but to risk her life for love.
The true story of how Ray Kroc (Michael Keaton), a struggling salesman from Illinois, met Mac (John Carroll Lynch) and Dick McDonald (Nick Offerman), who were running a burger operation in 1950s Southern California. Kroc was impressed by the brothers' speedy system of making the food and saw franchise potential. Kroc soon maneuvers himself into a position to be able to pull the company from the brothers and create a multi-billion dollar empire.
In 1979 Santa Barbara, Calif., Dorothea Fields is a determined single mother in her mid-50s who is raising her adolescent son, Jamie, at a moment brimming with cultural change and rebellion. Dorothea enlists the help of two younger women -- Abbie, a free-spirited punk artist living as a boarder in the Fields' home and Julie, a savvy and provocative teenage neighbor -- to help with Jamie's upbringing.
A massive sea turtle destroys a stranded man's raft every time he tries to sail away from a tropical island.
In the 1960s, underground chemists Nicholas Sand and Tim Scully manufacture a massive amount of LSD while staying one step ahead of the law.
Though Kevin (James McAvoy) has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher (Betty Buckley), there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all of the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him -- as well as everyone around him -- as the walls between his compartments shatter.
Tragedy strikes on April 15, 2013, when two bombs explode during the Boston Marathon. In the aftermath of the attack, police Sgt. Tommy Saunders (Mark Wahlberg), FBI Special Agent Richard DesLauriers (Kevin Bacon) and Commissioner Ed Davis (John Goodman) join courageous survivors, first responders and other investigators in a race against the clock to hunt down the suspects and bring them to justice.
Two 17th-century Portuguese missionaries, Father Sebastian Rodrigues (Andrew Garfield) and Father Francisco Garupe (Adam Driver), embark on a perilous journey to Japan to find their missing mentor (Liam Neeson). While there, the two men minister to the Christian villagers who worship in secret. If caught by feudal lords or ruling samurai, they must renounce their faith or face a prolonged and agonizing death.
A portrait of Hollywood royalty Carrie Fisher and her mother, Debbie Reynolds.
Conor (Lewis MacDougall) is dealing with far more than other boys his age. His beloved and devoted mother (Felicity Jones) is ill. He has little in common with his imperious grandmother. His father has resettled thousands of miles away. But Conor finds a most unlikely ally when the Monster (Liam Neeson) appears at his bedroom window one night. Ancient, wild, and relentless, the Monster guides Conor on a journey of courage, faith, and truth that powerfully fuses imagination and reality.
Three brilliant African-American women at NASA -- Katherine Johnson (Taraji P. Henson), Dorothy Vaughan (Octavia Spencer) and Mary Jackson (Janelle Monáe) -- serve as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history: the launch of astronaut John Glenn (Glen Powell) into orbit, a stunning achievement that restored the nation's confidence, turned around the Space Race and galvanized the world.
The arrival of a pretty transfer student from Tokyo sets in motion a change in the relationship between two best friends.
Paterson (Adam Driver) is a hardworking bus driver in Paterson, N.J., who follows the same routine every day. He observes the city and listens to fragments of conversations while picking up and dropping off his passengers. Paterson also writes heartfelt poems in a notebook, walks his dog and drinks one beer in a bar after his shift is over. Waiting for him at home is Laura (Golshifteh Farahani), his beloved wife who champions his gift for writing.
Troy Maxson (Denzel Washington) makes his living as a sanitation worker in 1950s Pittsburgh. Maxson once dreamed of becoming a professional baseball player, but was deemed too old when the major leagues began admitting black athletes. Bitter over his missed opportunity, Troy creates further tension in his family when he squashes his son's (Jovan Adepo) chance to meet a college football recruiter.
When father and son coroners investigate the death of a beautiful "Jane Doe," they find increasingly bizarre clues.
Dapper Koala Buster Moon presides over a once-grand theater that has fallen on hard times. An eternal optimist, and a bit of a scoundrel, he loves his theater above all and will do anything to preserve it. Facing the crumbling of his life's ambition, he takes one final chance to restore his fading jewel to its former glory by producing the world's greatest singing competition. Five contestants emerge: a mouse, a timid elephant, a pig, a gorilla and a punk-rock porcupine.
Former scientist Galen Erso lives on a farm with his wife and young daughter, Jyn. His peaceful existence comes crashing down when the evil Orson Krennic takes him away from his beloved family. Many years later, Galen becomes the Empire's lead engineer for the most powerful weapon in the galaxy, the Death Star. Knowing that her father holds the key to its destruction, Jyn joins forces with a spy and other resistance fighters to steal the space station's plans for the Rebel Alliance.
After the death of his older brother Joe, Lee Chandler (Casey Affleck) is shocked that Joe has made him sole guardian of his teenage nephew Patrick. Taking leave of his job as a janitor in Boston, Lee reluctantly returns to Manchester-by-the-Sea, the fishing village where his working-class family has lived for generations. There, he is forced to deal with a past that separated him from his wife, Randi (Michelle Williams), and the community where he was born and raised.
God is discovered living in Brussels with his daughter.
Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) and Mia (Emma Stone) are drawn together by their common desire to do what they love. But as success mounts they are faced with decisions that begin to fray the fragile fabric of their love affair, and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart.
Willing to bend the rules for her clients, Elizabeth Sloane (Jessica Chastain) remains one of the most sought-after lobbyists in Washington, D.C. When asked to help oppose a bill that imposes regulations on firearms, she instead joins a scrappy boutique firm that represents the backers of the law. Her defiant stance and determination to win now makes her the target of powerful new enemies who threaten her career and the people she cares about.
Relationship expert Matthew Taylor (Shemar Moore) is on a book tour promoting his bestseller "The Bounce Back" when he meets talk show circuit therapist Kristin Peralta (Nadine Velazquez), who calls him out as a fraud. Matthew's life is upended when, in spite of himself, he falls in love with this quick-witted woman and is forced to face painful truths about a past relationship.
A successful Los Angeles art-gallery owner's idyllic life is marred by the constant traveling of her handsome second husband. While he is away, she is shaken by the arrival of a manuscript written by her first husband, who she has not seen in years. The manuscript tells the story of a teacher who finds a trip with his family turning into a nightmare. As Susan reads the book, it forces her to examine her past and confront some dark truths.
After her husband's assassination, Jackie Kennedy's (Natalie Portman) world is completely shattered. Traumatized and reeling with grief, over the course of the next week she must confront the unimaginable: consoling their two young children, vacating the home she painstakingly restored, and planning her husband's funeral. Jackie quickly realizes that the next seven days will determine how history will define her husband's legacy - and how she herself will be remembered.
A passionate middle-aged philosophy professor (Isabelle Huppert) rethinks her already much-examined life after an unforeseen divorce.
Lao Shi fights for justice after a drunk passenger grabs the steering wheel, causing an accident that put a person into a coma. Because the victim's family is destitute, Lao Shi pays the hospital bills and the insurance company refuses to cover the costs because of a technicality. Now Lao Shi needs the testimony of his passenger, who angrily refuses to cooperate. On his quest to find who's responsible for his plight, Lao Shi ends up becoming a perpetrator himself.
Jacques Perrin and Jacques Cluzaud travel throughout Europe to film brown bears, wild horses, wolves and other animals in their natural habitat.
This documentary explores the accidental movie career of Toshiro Mifune, one of the true giants of world cinema. Mifune made sixteen remarkable films with director Akira Kurosawa during the Golden Age of Japanese Cinema, including "Rashomon," "Seven Samurai" and "Yojimbo." Together they thrilled audiences and influenced filmmaking around the world, providing direct inspiration for not only "The Magnificent Seven" but also George Lucas' "Star Wars."
This documentary about cancer contains two narratives: one from celebrated French neuroscientist and cancer revolutionary Dr. David Servan-Schreiber, the other from film's director, Meghan L. O'Hara. After braving the journey from diagnosis to wellness, Meghan and David join forces to expose systematic failings in our society, which reinforce the bad habits that predispose us to disease.
Five year old Saroo gets lost on a train which takes him thousands of miles across India, away from home and family. Saroo must learn to survive alone in Kolkata, before ultimately being adopted by an Australian couple. Twenty-five years later, armed with only a handful of memories, his unwavering determination, and a revolutionary technology known as Google Earth, he sets out to find his lost family and finally return to his first home.
An adventurous teenager sails out on a daring mission to save her people. During her journey, Moana meets the once-mighty demigod Maui, who guides her in her quest to become a master way-finder. Together they sail across the open ocean on an action-packed voyage, encountering enormous monsters and impossible odds. Along the way, Moana fulfills the ancient quest of her ancestors and discovers the one thing she always sought: her own identity.
Max Vatan (Brad Pitt) and Marianne Beauséjour (Marion Cotillard) are World War II operatives who never reveal their true identities. After falling in love during a risky mission, they hope to leave all that double-dealing behind them and start new lives. Instead, suspicion and danger envelop their marriage as both husband and wife become pitted against each other in an escalating, potentially lethal test that has global consequences.
Two male childhood friends (Ignacio Rogers, Esteban Masturini) reconnect as adults and explore their long-repressed feelings for each other.
A stray ginger cat changes the life of James Bowen (Luke Treadaway), a homeless London street musician and recovering drug addict.
Everyone knows that growing up is hard, and life is no easier for high school junior Nadine (Hailee Steinfeld), who is already at peak awkwardness when her all-star older brother Darian (Blake Jenner) starts dating her best friend Krista (Haley Lu Richardson). All at once, Nadine feels more alone than ever, until an unexpected friendship with a thoughtful teen (Hayden Szeto) gives her a glimmer of hope that things just might not be so terrible after all.
In a housing estate on the outskirts of Paris, a teenager who is hungry for her share of power and success becomes a runner for a drug dealer. When she meets a male dancer, a window of opportunity offers a different kind of life.
The year is 1926, and Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) has just completed a global excursion to find and document an extraordinary array of magical creatures. Arriving in New York for a brief stopover, he might have come and gone without incident, were it not for a No-Maj (American for Muggle) named Jacob, a misplaced magical case, and the escape of some of Newt's fantastic beasts, which could spell trouble for both the wizarding and No-Maj worlds.
Vinny "The Pazmanian Devil" Pazienza (Miles Teller), a local Providence boxer, shoots to stardom after winning two world title fights. After a near-fatal car accident leaves him with a broken neck, he is told he may never walk again. Against all odds and doctor's orders, renowned trainer Kevin Rooney (Aaron Eckhart) agrees to help Vinny return to the ring just a year after the accident for what could be the last fight of his life. Based on a true story.
In 1983, when writer John Hull goes blind just before the birth of his son, he starts making a diary on audio cassette to make sense of all the changes.
The successful CEO (Isabelle Huppert) of a video game company tries to learn the identity of the man who raped her.
A group of former enemy combatants embark on a transformational journey from soldiers to non-violent peace activists.
The film features the parallel stories of two women: Margaret Mead, who popularized cultural anthropology in America, and Susie Crate, an environmental anthropologist currently studying the impact of climate change. Uniquely revealed from their daughters' perspectives, Mead and Crate demonstrate a fascination with how societies are forced to negotiate the disruption of their traditional ways of life, whether through encounters with the outside world or through climate change.
Linguistics professor Louise Banks (Amy Adams) leads an elite team of investigators when gigantic spaceships touch down in 12 locations around the world. As nations teeter on the verge of global war, Banks and her crew must race against time to find a way to communicate with the extraterrestrial visitors. Hoping to unravel the mystery, she takes a chance that could threaten her life and quite possibly all of mankind.
Elaine (Samantha Robinson), a beautiful young witch, is determined to find a man to love her. In her gothic Victorian apartment she makes spells and potions, then picks up men and seduces them. However, her spells work too well, and she ends up with a string of hapless victims. When she at last meets the man of her dreams, her desperation to be loved drives her to the brink of insanity and murder.
A programmer and a budding comedian are happily married until they use each other in their work.
The true story of Pfc. Desmond T. Doss (Andrew Garfield), who won the Congressional Medal of Honor despite refusing to bear arms during WWII on religious grounds. Doss was drafted and ostracized by fellow soldiers for his pacifist stance but went on to earn respect and adoration for his bravery, selflessness and compassion after he risked his life -- without firing a shot -- to save 75 men in the Battle of Okinawa.
After the Bergens invade Troll Village, Poppy (Anna Kendrick), the happiest Troll ever born, and the overly-cautious, curmudgeonly Branch (Justin Timberlake) set off on a journey to rescue her friends. Their mission is full of adventure and mishaps, as this mismatched duo try to tolerate each other long enough to get the job done.
Interracial couple Richard and Mildred Loving fell in love and were married in 1958. They grew up in Central Point, a small town in Virginia that was more integrated than surrounding areas in the American South. Yet it was the state of Virginia, where they were making their home and starting a family, that first jailed and then banished them. Richard and Mildred relocated with their children to the inner city of Washington, D.C., but the family ultimately tries to find a way back to Virginia.
Dr. Stephen Strange's (Benedict Cumberbatch) life changes after a car accident robs him of the use of his hands. When traditional medicine fails him, he looks for healing, and hope, in a mysterious enclave. He quickly learns that the enclave is at the front line of a battle against unseen dark forces bent on destroying reality. Before long, Strange is forced to choose between his life of fortune and status or leave it all behind to defend the world as the most powerful sorcerer in existence.
Aishol-pan, a 13-year-old girl, trains to become the first female in 12 generations of her Kazakh family to become an eagle hunter and rises to the pinnacle of a tradition that has been handed down from father to son for centuries. While there are many old Kazakh eagle hunters who vehemently reject the idea of any female taking part in their ancient tradition, Aisholpan's father, Nurgaiv, believes that a girl can do anything a boy can, as long as she's determined.
A young man is stunned to discover that he was kidnapped as a child by the woman he's called mother his entire life. Now, he's left to deal with the consequences of her actions and finally meet his biological family.
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio meets with scientists, activists and world leaders to discuss the dangers of climate change and possible solutions.
Emerging from Ann Arbor, Mich., amidst a countercultural revolution, The Stooges' powerful and aggressive style of rock 'n' roll blew a crater in the musical landscape of the late 1960s. Assaulting audiences with a blend of rock, blues, R&B, and free jazz, the band planted the seeds for what would be called punk and alternative rock in the decades that followed. Jim Jarmusch's documentary presents the context of The Stooges' emergence.
Werner Herzog and volcanologist Clive Oppenheimer travel the globe and visit volcanoes in Indonesia, Ethiopia and even North Korea in an attempt to understand man's relationship with one of nature's most violent wonders.
A revealing look at the meteoric rise of seminal '90s rock band Oasis, weaving never-before-seen concert footage with candid interviews and a firsthand account of the backstage sibling rivalry that threatened to destroy the band.
Life on the island of Lampedusa during the refugee crisis.
With help from an orphaned pickpocket (Kim Tae-ri), a Korean con man (Ha Jung-woo) devises an elaborate plot to seduce and bilk a Japanese woman (Kim Min-hee) out of her inheritance.
A look at three defining chapters in the life of Chiron, a young black man growing up in Miami. His epic journey to manhood is guided by the kindness, support and love of the community that helps raise him.
An underdog group of lawyers and activists defied the odds to do what had never been done: prosecute rape as an international war crime. In 1997, the young men and women at the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda found themselves inexplicably in charge of the first case of genocide in history. Underfunded, understaffed and overwhelmed, they faced incredible hurdles as they pursued their first case against a small-town mayor.
Glam rock band X Japan ignited a musical revolution in Japan during the late 1980s. Twenty years after disbanding, Yokshiki X, the leader of the band, wrestles with physical and spiritual demons to bring the band's music to the world.
In Sarasota, Fla., circa 1974, an ambitious, 29-year-old reporter is relentlessly motivated to succeed. She knows she has talent, but being a driven career woman in the '70s comes with its own challenges, especially when competition for a promotion and a tumultuous home life lead to a dissolution of self. With ratings in the cellar, the station manager issues a mandate to deliver juicier and more exploitative stories, a story firmly at odds with her serious brand of issue-based journalism.
Sixteen-year-old Jamie Schwartz (Alex Wolff) is not the most popular kid at his all-boys boarding school. Disconnected from students and teachers, he believes he is destined to play Holden Caulfield, the main character in "The Catcher in the Rye," and has adapted the book as a play. After a series of increasingly hostile altercations with the boys at school, Jamie runs away to search for author J.D. Salinger (Chris Cooper).
The Sky Ladder is a 1,650-foot ladder of fire climbing into the skies above artist Cai Guo-Qiang's hometown. Creating ambitious signature pieces on the largest imaginable scales, Cai's electrifying work often transcends physical permanence while burning its philosophies into the audience members' minds. Told through the artist's own words and those of family, friends and observers, the film tracks Cai's meteoric rise and examines why he engineers artworks that loom as far as the eye can see.
On Aug. 1, 1966, a sniper rode the elevator to the top floor of the University of Texas Tower and opened fire, holding the campus hostage for 96 minutes. When the gunshots were finally silenced, the toll included 16 dead, three dozen wounded, and a shaken nation left trying to understand what had happened. Archival footage is combined with rotoscopic animation in a dynamic, never-before-seen way to illustrate the action-packed untold stories of the witnesses, heroes and survivors.
A mysterious monster emerges from Tokyo Bay and wreaks havoc upon Japan.
Young and feisty Gilly Hopkins (Sophie Nélisse) devises a scheme to escape from her new foster home and reunite with her birth mother.
Nat Turner is an enslaved Baptist preacher who lives on a Virginia plantation owned by Samuel Turner. With rumors of insurrection in the air, a cleric convinces Samuel that Nate should sermonize to other slaves, thereby quelling any notions of an uprising. As Nate witnesses the horrific treatment of his fellow man, he realizes that he can no longer just stand by and preach. On Aug. 21, 1831, Turner's quest for justice and freedom leads to a violent and historic rebellion in Southampton County.
When his mother takes in a bully whose own mother is ill, the son of a soldier must learn to live with the boy who terrorized him.
Former high school sweethearts Jim and Amanda have been out of touch for more than 20 years -- but they run into each other at a grocery store back in their alpine hometown of Crestline, Calif. Jim's mother has died and he's here to put her house on the market. Amanda is visiting her pregnant sister. They get to talking, first over coffee, then over beer and jellybeans. Before they know it they're at Jim's mother's house, where everything sends them spiraling back into the past.
Twenty months after a horrific mass shooting in Newtown, Conn., that took the lives of 20 elementary school children and six educators on Dec. 14, 2012, the small New England town is in a complex psychological tangle in the wake of yet another act of mass killing at the hands of a disturbed young gunman. The film provides access into the lives and homes of those who remain, all of whom have been indelibly changed by the events.
After Shideh's building is hit by a missile during the Iran-Iraq War, a superstitious neighbor suggests that the missile was cursed and might be carrying malevolent Middle-Eastern spirits. She becomes convinced a supernatural force within the building is attempting to possess her daughter Dorsa, and she has no choice but to confront these forces if she is to save her daughter and herself.
On April 20, 2010, the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explodes in the Gulf of Mexico, igniting a massive fireball that kills several crew members. Chief electronics technician Mike Williams (Mark Wahlberg) and his colleagues find themselves fighting for survival as the heat and the flames become stifling and overwhelming. Banding together, the co-workers must use their wits to make it out alive amid all the chaos.
Filmed over two years in 11 states, this film examines the increasingly disturbing realities of the rapid militarization of police forces in the United States.
Star (Sasha Lane), an adolescent girl from a troubled home, runs away with a traveling sales crew that drives across the American Midwest selling subscriptions door-to-door. Finding her feet in this gang of teenagers, one of whom is Jake (Shia LaBeouf), she soon gets into the group's lifestyle of hard-partying nights, law-bending days and young love.
Ove (Rolf Lassgård) is the quintessential angry old man next door. An isolated retiree with strict principles and a short fuse, who spends his days enforcing block association rules that only he cares about, and visiting his wife's grave, Ove has given up on life. After a boisterous young family moves in next door and accidentally flattens Ove's mailbox, an unlikely friendship forms.
Members of an international task force seek justice against the leader of an Asian drug cartel and his murderous henchmen.
When his beloved grandfather leaves Jake clues to a mystery that spans different worlds and times, he finds a magical place known as Miss Peregrine's School for Peculiar Children. But the mystery and danger deepen as he gets to know the residents and learns about their special powers - and their terrifying enemies. Ultimately, Jake discovers that only his own special peculiarity can save his new friends. Based on the novel "Miss Peregrine's Home For Peculiar Children," written by Ransom Riggs.
When university professor Deborah E. Lipstadt includes World War II historian David Irving in a book about Holocaust deniers, Irving accuses her of libel and sparks a legal battle for historical truth. With the burden of proof placed on the accused, Lipstadt and her legal team fight to prove the essential truth that the Holocaust occurred. Based on the book "History on Trial: My Day in Court with a Holocaust Denier."
In the 19th century, a young Russian girl (Christa Théret) embarks on an adventure-filled quest to find her grandfather at the North Pole.
Storks deliver babies -- or at least they used to. Now, they deliver packages for a global internet retail giant. Junior (Andy Samberg), the company's top delivery stork, lands in hot water when the Baby Factory produces an adorable but wholly unauthorized girl. Desperate to deliver this bundle of trouble, Junior and his friend Tulip (Katie Crown), the only human on Stork Mountain, race against time to make their first baby drop before the boss (Kelsey Grammer) finds out.
Haunted by traumatic memories, an artistic teenager is driven to escape from his hometown.
Few things on Earth are as miraculous and vital as seeds -- worshipped and treasured since the dawn of humankind. This documentary follows passionate seed keepers who are protecting a 12,000 year-old food legacy. In the last century, 94 seed varieties have disappeared. A cadre of 10 agrichemical companies, including Syngenta, Bayer, and Monsanto, controls over two-thirds of the global seed market, reaping unprecedented profits. Farmers and others battle to defend the future of our food.
Three top contenders head to the largest poultry competition in the nation to find out who has the best show chicken.
A woman's life is disrupted when a book is written about a childhood friendship.
Looking to mine for gold, greedy industrialist Bartholomew Bogue seizes control of the Old West town of Rose Creek. With their lives in jeopardy, Emma Cullen and other desperate residents turn to bounty hunter Sam Chisolm (Denzel Washington) for help. Chisolm recruits an eclectic group of gunslingers to take on Bogue and his ruthless henchmen. With a deadly showdown on the horizon, the seven mercenaries soon find themselves fighting for more than just money once the bullets start to fly.
The 11 members of popular, faith-based Australian band Hillsong UNITED all belong to or volunteer for Hillsong Church, which has over 100,000 parishoners, with large congregations in New York and Los Angeles. A group that started as a small youth band sells out concerts worldwide and has sold 16 million albums with songs in 60 languages. Viewers go on tour with the band, getting a glimpse behind the scenes as well as access to front-seat concert footage.
A high school English teacher (Lily Rabe) becomes a weekend chaperone for three students (Timothée Chalamet, Lili Reinhart) at a drama competition.
After a young woman runs away with the man she loves to avoid an arranged marriage, villagers wrestle with preserving their traditional culture or adapting it to the increasing outside demands for individual freedom.
Breaking up with Mark Darcy (Colin Firth) leaves Bridget Jones (Renée Zellweger) over 40 and single again. Feeling that she has everything under control, Jones decides to focus on her career as a top news producer. Suddenly, her love life comes back from the dead when she meets a dashing and handsome American named Jack (Patrick Dempsey). Things couldn't be better, until Bridget discovers that she is pregnant. Now, the befuddled mom-to-be must figure out if the proud papa is Mark or Jack.
Disillusioned with the intelligence community, top contractor Edward Snowden (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) leaves his job at the National Security Agency. He now knows that a virtual mountain of data is being assembled to track all forms of digital communication -- not just from foreign governments and terrorist groups, but from ordinary Americans. When Snowden decides to leak this classified information, he becomes a traitor to some, a hero to others and a fugitive from the law.
Filmmaker Ron Howard examines the early years of the Beatles, from their club dates in Liverpool, England, to their concert tours in Europe and the rest of the world.
On Jan. 15, 2009, Capt. Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger (Tom Hanks) tries to make an emergency landing in New York's Hudson River after US Airways Flight 1549 strikes a flock of geese. Miraculously, all of the 155 passengers and crew survive the harrowing ordeal, and Sullenberger becomes a national hero in the eyes of the public and the media. Despite the accolades, the famed pilot now faces an investigation that threatens to destroy his career and reputation.
Actors William Shatner, George Takei, Simon Pegg and others discuss the lasting legacy of Leonard Nimoy and his iconic portrayal of Mr. Spock on the television series "Star Trek."
Filmmaker Steven Cantor examines the life and career of ballet dancer Sergei Polunin, from his early days in the Ukraine to his performances in the United Kingdom, Russia and America.
Author Laura Albert writes novels under the literary persona JT LeRoy and creates a tragic back story of his life.
Fifteen-year-old Brandon longs for a pair of the freshest sneakers that money can buy, assuming that merely having them on his feet will help him escape the reality of being poor, neglected by the opposite sex and picked on by everyone - even his best friends. Working hard to get them, he soon finds that the titular shoes have instead made him a target after they are promptly snatched by Flaco, a local hood. Brandon goes on a mission to retrieve his stolen sneakers.
Cinematographer Kirsten Johnson exposes her many years behind the camera through a memoir made up of decades of footage shot all over the world.
Tom is a World War I veteran who maintains a lighthouse off the shore of Australia with his wife Isabel, a woman desperate to have a baby. Her prayers are answered when an infant washes up on shore in a rowboat. Tom thinks they should notify the authorities but ultimately gives in to Isabel's wish to keep the girl. Fate strikes again when the couple meet the child's biological mother on the mainland. Now, Tom and Isabel must make a decision that will forever affect the lives of four people.
A troubled teen with homicidal tendencies has to hunt down and destroy a supernatural killer while suppressing his own inner demons.
Rocky (Jane Levy), Alex and Money are three Detroit thieves who get their kicks by breaking into the houses of wealthy people. Money gets word about a blind veteran who won a major cash settlement following the death of his only child. Figuring he's an easy target, the trio invades the man's secluded home in an abandoned neighborhood. Finding themselves trapped inside, the young intruders must fight for their lives after making a shocking discovery about their supposedly helpless victim.
Future U.S. President Barack Obama (Parker Sawyers) and lawyer Michelle Robinson (Tika Sumpter) go on a fateful first date in the summer of 1989.
Animator Floyd Norman became the first Disney African-American animator in 1956. After Walt's death, Mr. Norman left Disney to start his own company to produce black history films for high schools.
An Italian filmmaker (Margherita Buy) tries to cope with her mother's terminal illness (Giulia Lazzarini) while working on a new movie with a bombastic American actor (John Turturro).
Told he wasn't good enough to play Division I football, Brandon Burlsworth took a risk and walked on in 1994, and he became the most respected player in the history of the program.
Filmmaker Kamala Lopez spearheads a national media campaign to raise awareness for the need for women's equality under Federal law.
With the war in Iraq raging on, a young man (Jonah Hill) offers his childhood friend a chance to make big bucks by becoming an international arms dealer. Together, they exploit a government initiative that allows businesses to bid on U.S. military contracts. Starting small allows the duo to rake in money and live the high life. They soon find themselves in over their heads after landing a $300 million deal to supply Afghan forces, a deal that puts them in business with some very shady people.
An idealistic FBI agent (Daniel Radcliffe) goes under cover to infiltrate a white supremacist group that's plotting an act of terror.
Filmmaker Werner Herzog examines the past, present and future of the Internet and how it affects human interaction and modern society.
Young Kubo's (Art Parkinson) peaceful existence comes crashing down when he accidentally summons a vengeful spirit from the past. Now on the run, Kubo joins forces with Monkey (Charlize Theron) and Beetle (Matthew McConaughey) to unlock a secret legacy. Armed with a magical instrument, Kubo must battle the Moon King (Ralph Fiennes) and other gods and monsters to save his family and solve the mystery of his fallen father, the greatest samurai warrior the world has ever known.
A young indigenous woman does not want to live in the modern world until it saves her life during a pregnancy complication.
An ex-convict (Mel Gibson) and his estranged daughter (Erin Moriarty) go on the run from her drug-dealing boyfriend (Diego Luna) and his vicious cartel.
Toby is a divorced father who's trying to make a better life for his son. His brother Tanner is an ex-convict with a short temper and a loose trigger finger. Together, they plan a series of heists against the bank that's about to foreclose on their family ranch. Standing in their way is Marcus, a Texas Ranger who's only weeks away from retirement. As the siblings plot their final robbery, they must also prepare for a showdown with a crafty lawman who's not ready to ride off into the sunset.
In December 1941, two Czech soldiers (Cillian Murphy, Jamie Dornan) parachute into their occupied homeland to assassinate Nazi officer Reinhard Heydrich (Detlef Bothe).
In the 1940s, New York socialite Florence Foster Jenkins (Meryl Streep) dreams of becoming a great opera singer. Unfortunately, her ambition far exceeds her talent. The voice Florence hears in her head is beautiful, but to everyone else it is quite lousy. Her husband St. Clair goes to extreme lengths to make sure his wife never finds out how awful she truly is. When Florence announces her plans for a concert at Carnegie Hall, St. Clair soon realizes that he's facing his greatest challenge yet.
Mr. Meacham (Robert Redford), a woodcarver, delights local children with stories of a mysterious dragon that lives deep in the woods of the Pacific Northwest. His daughter Grace (Bryce Dallas Howard) believes these are just tall tales, until she meets Pete (Oakes Fegley), a 10-year-old orphan who says he lives in the woods with a giant, friendly dragon. With help from a young girl named Natalie (Oona Laurence), Grace sets out to investigate if this fantastic claim can be true.
Two teens develop a growing friendship in Brooklyn, N.Y., while the feud between their respective parents (Greg Kinnear, Jennifer Ehle) continues to escalate.
The true story of some soldiers in a United States Army Infantry Company, part of the Oklahoma National Guard's 45th Thunderbirds Brigade, and their life-changing tour of duty in Afghanistan.
Richard Linklater, the director of "Dazed and Confused," "Before Sunrise" and "Boyhood," discusses his life and career as an independent filmmaker.
A Jewish college student (Logan Lerman) falls for a young woman (Sarah Gadon) while clashing with his dean (Tracy Letts) in 1951 Ohio.
Diagnosed with ALS, former NFL football player Steve Gleason starts to record video journals for his unborn son.
Four inner-city teens (Jorge Lendeborg Jr., Moises Arias, Rafi Gavron) face the wrath of a Cleveland crime boss (Linda Emond) after stealing a car that's stashed with drugs.
A dissatisfied Beverly Hills housewife tired of caring for her toddler hires a stranger to baby-sit.
Industrious high school senior Vee Delmonico (Emma Roberts) is tired of living life on the sidelines. Pressured by her friends, Vee decides to join Nerve, a popular online game that challenges players to accept a series of dares. It's not long before the adrenaline-fueled competition requires her to perform increasingly dangerous stunts. When Nerve begins to take a sinister turn, Vee finds herself in a high-stakes finale that will ultimately determine her entire future.
A man (Gong Yoo), his estranged daughter and other passengers become trapped on a speeding train during a zombie outbreak in South Korea.
Turmoil strikes a New York improv troupe (Keegan-Michael Key, Gillian Jacobs, Mike Birbiglia) when one member leaves to star in a television show.
When Rebecca (Teresa Palmer) left home, she thought that her childhood fears were behind her. As a young girl growing up, she was never really sure of what was real when the lights went out at night. Now, her little brother Martin (Gabriel Bateman) is experiencing the same unexplained and terrifying events that jeopardized her safety and sanity. Holding a mysterious attachment to their mother (Maria Bello), a supernatural entity has returned with a vengeance to torment the entire family.
A surprise attack in outer space forces the Enterprise to crash-land on a mysterious world. The assault came from Krall (Idris Elba), a lizard-like dictator who derives his energy by sucking the life out of his victims. Krall needs an ancient and valuable artifact that's aboard the badly damaged starship. Left stranded in a rugged wilderness, Kirk (Chris Pine), Spock (Zachary Quinto) and the rest of the crew must now battle a deadly alien race while trying to find a way off their hostile planet.
Mexican wrestlers Shocker, Blue Demon Jr., Arkangel, Faby Apache, Sexy Star, Halloween and others stage exciting matches for fans of Lucha Libre.
In 1986, federal agent Robert Mazur (Bryan Cranston) goes under cover to infiltrate the trafficking network of Colombian drug kingpin Pablo Escobar. Working with fellow agents Kathy Ertz (Diane Kruger) and Emir Abreu (John Alberto Leguizamo), Mazur poses as a slick, money-laundering businessman named Bob Musella. Gaining the confidence of Roberto Alcaino (Benjamin Bratt), Escobar's top lieutenant, Mazur must navigate a vicious criminal underworld where one wrong move could cost him everything.
Ben Cash (Viggo Mortensen), his wife Leslie and their six children live deep in the wilderness of Washington state. Isolated from society, Ben and Leslie devote their existence to raising their kids -- educating them to think critically, training them to be physically fit and athletic, guiding them in the wild without technology and demonstrating the beauty of co-existing with nature. When Leslie dies suddenly, Ben must take his sheltered offspring into the outside world for the first time.
Producer Norman Lear creates "All in the Family," "The Jeffersons," "Sanford and Son," "Good Times" and other classic TV shows.
Max (Louis C.K.) is a spoiled terrier who enjoys a comfortable life in a New York building until his owner adopts Duke, a giant and unruly canine. During their walk outside, they encounter a group of ferocious alley cats and wind up in a truck that's bound for the pound. Luckily, a rebellious bunny named Snowball swoops in to save the doggy duo from captivity. In exchange, Snowball demands that Max and Duke join his gang of abandoned pets on a mission against the humans who've done them wrong.
The malware worm Stuxnet, famously used against Iranian centrifuges, has been claimed by many to have originated as a joint effort between America and Israel.
After the death of their estranged father, three siblings (Haruka Ayase, Masami Nagasawa, Kaho) invite their half sister (Suzu Hirose) to live with them.
An ordinary family in Pyongyang is followed for a year.
"The Little Mermaid," "The Lion King" and other animated Disney movies help a young autistic man to develop reading, writing and communication skills.
Being stranded on a deserted island leaves young Hank (Paul Dano) bored, lonely and without hope. As a rope hangs around his neck, Hank prepares to end it all, until he suddenly spots a man (Daniel Radcliffe) laying by the shore. Unfortunately, he is dead and quite flatulent. Using the gassy body to his advantage, Hank miraculously makes it back to the mainland. However, he now finds himself lost in the wilderness, and dragging the talking corpse named Manny along for the adventure.
A boy (Julian Dennison) and his foster father (Sam Neill) become the subjects of a manhunt after they get stranded in the New Zealand wilderness.
Interviews, concert performances and archival footage offer insight into the life and career of musician Frank Zappa.
Police inspector Carl Morck and his assistant investigate a cold case involving a missing woman.
Four women in Gujarat talk about men, sex and life as they struggle with their individual demons.
Filmmaker Moyoung Jin follows a couple in South Korea who share intimate moments after 76 years of marriage.
Detectives race to find a possible witness to a 20-year-old double homicide before the killers get to her.
When a monastery's chief abbot departs on a long journey and leaves four orphan boys alone in the middle of a forest, strange and magical occurrences begin to take place.
Dory (Ellen DeGeneres) is a wide-eyed, blue tang fish who suffers from memory loss every 10 seconds or so. The one thing she can remember is that she somehow became separated from her parents as a child. With help from her friends Nemo and Marlin, Dory embarks on an epic adventure to find them. Her journey brings her to the Marine Life Institute, a conservatory that houses diverse ocean species. Dory now knows that her family reunion will only happen if she can save mom and dad from captivity.
Bullied as a teen for being overweight, Bob Stone (Dwayne Johnson) shows up to his high school reunion looking fit and muscular. While there, he finds Calvin Joyner (Kevin Hart), a fast-talking accountant who misses his glory days as a popular athlete. Stone is now a lethal CIA agent who needs Calvin's number skills to help him save the compromised U.S. spy satellite system. Together, the former classmates encounter shootouts, espionage and double-crosses while trying to prevent worldwide chaos.
Childhood friends Chris Strompolos, Eric Zala and Jayson Lamb reunite 25 years later to shoot the final scene of their shot-for-shot remake of Steven Spielberg's classic film "Raiders of the Lost Ark."
Department Q goes on the hunt for a serial killer when a message written in blood by two children is found 14 years after they were kidnapped.
Filmmaker Morgan Neville profiles cellist Yo-Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble, an eclectic group of musicians who tour worldwide.
In 1977, paranormal investigators Ed (Patrick Wilson) and Lorraine Warren come out of a self-imposed sabbatical to travel to Enfield, a borough in north London. There, they meet Peggy Hodgson, an overwhelmed single mother of four who tells the couple that something evil is in her home. Ed and Lorraine believe her story when the youngest daughter starts to show signs of demonic possession. As the Warrens try to help the besieged girl, they become the next targets of the malicious spirit.
A scrappy 15-year-old (Charlie Plummer) bonds with his introverted cousin (Cory Nichols) while facing off against a bully (Danny Flaherty).
A brutal dictator comes face to face with the injustices committed by his regime when his country is taken over by revolutionists.
Suspicion leads to hysteria when rural villagers link a series of brutal murders to the arrival of a mysterious stranger (Kunimura Jun).
With help from his apprentice (Song Yang), a Wing Chun practitioner (Liao Fan) must defeat eight martial arts academies before he can open his own school.
Childhood friends Conner (Andy Samberg), Owen (Jorma Taccone) and Lawrence (Akiva Schaffer) found fame and fortune after forming the hip-hop group the Style Boyz. Owen and Lawrence faded into the background when frontman Conner left the band to launch a successful solo career. Now, the egotistical singer decides to film a documentary about his life while he's still on top. When his second album flops, the camera is there to capture his world come crashing down.
A man tries to piece together clues to find the gold that his father discovered in the Australian desert in 1931.
The extraordinary story of New Orleans singing sensation Princess Shaw and her collaborator Kutiman, a musician in Israel who uses her YouTube videos to create something magical.
President Lyndon B. Johnson (Bryan Cranston) endures a tumultuous first year in office while trying to launch a civil rights bill.
Former Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-N.Y.) runs for mayor of New York in 2013, but a new sex scandal ruins his attempt at a political comeback.
Holland March (Ryan Gosling) is a down-on-his-luck private eye in 1977 Los Angeles. Jackson Healy (Russell Crowe) is a hired enforcer who hurts people for a living. Fate turns them into unlikely partners after a young woman named Amelia (Margaret Qualley) mysteriously disappears. Healy and March soon learn the hard way that some dangerous people are also looking for Amelia. Their investigation takes them to dark places as anyone else who gets involved in the case seems to wind up dead.
When his cover gets blown, a Hong Kong cop (Wu Jing) lands in a Thai prison where the warden (Zhang Jin) works with a criminal mastermind (Louis Koo) to harvest organs.
In the 18th century, the seductive and manipulative Lady Susan (Kate Beckinsale) uses devious tactics to win the heart of the eligible Reginald De Courcy (Xavier Samuel).
In a dystopian society, single people must find a mate within 45 days or be transformed into an animal of their choice.
Three Sri Lankan refugees (Jesuthasan Antonythasan, Kalieaswari Srinivasan, Claudine Vinasithamby) pretend to be a family as they try to make better lives for themselves in a Parisian housing project.
Political pressure mounts to install a system of accountability when the actions of the Avengers lead to collateral damage. The new status quo deeply divides members of the team. Captain America (Chris Evans) believes superheroes should remain free to defend humanity without government interference. Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.) sharply disagrees and supports oversight. As the debate escalates into an all-out feud, Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) must pick a side.
In 1913, brilliant East Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan (Dev Patel) travels to Trinity College in England to work with professor G.H. Hardy (Jeremy Irons).
Members (Anton Yelchin, Alia Shawkat) of a punk-rock band and a tough young woman (Imogen Poots) battle murderous white supremacists at a remote Oregon roadhouse.
A low-rent detective joins the quest for a long-lost design by enigmatic genius, Nikola Tesla.
Artist Eva Hesse utilizes latex, fiberglass and plastics to create pioneering sculptures in the 1960s.
The life and work of Bradford born artist David Hockney.
Nominated to the Supreme Court in 1991, Judge Clarence Thomas (Wendell Pierce) must testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee after Anita Hill (Kerry Washington), his former employee, claims that he sexually harassed her.
To survive harsh economic times, Calvin and Angie have merged the barbershop and beauty salon into one business. The days of male bonding are gone as Eddie and the crew must now contend with sassy female co-workers and spirited clientele. As the battle of the sexes rages on, a different kind of conflict has taken over Chicago. Crime and gangs are on the rise, leaving Calvin worried about the fate of his son. Together, the friends come up with a bold plan to take back their beloved neighborhood.
Filmmaker Andrew Rossi examines an exhibit at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art that showcases Chinese-inspired Western fashions.
Raised by a family of wolves since birth, Mowgli (Neel Sethi) must leave the only home he's ever known when the fearsome tiger Shere Khan (Idris Elba) unleashes his mighty roar. Guided by a no-nonsense panther (Ben Kingsley) and a free-spirited bear (Bill Murray), the young boy meets an array of jungle animals, including a slithery python and a smooth-talking ape. Along the way, Mowgli learns valuable life lessons as his epic journey of self-discovery leads to fun and adventure.
In 1985, a Dublin teenager (Ferdia Walsh-Peelo) forms a rock 'n' roll band to win the heart of an aspiring model (Lucy Boynton).
Hopeless lute player Bill Shakespeare leaves his home to follow his dream, explaining the "lost years" of Shakespeare.
Sparks fly between a young ballerina (Keenan Kampa) and a British violinist (Nicholas Galitzine) as they prepare for a musical competition.
While attending a dinner party at his former house, a man (Logan Marshall-Green) starts to believe that his ex-wife (Tammy Blanchard) and her new husband (Michiel Huisman) have sinister plans for the guests.
A cowboy (Juliano Cazarré) designs exotic outfits for a sexy dancer (Maeve Jinkings) while working at a Brazilian rodeo.
An honest and unflinching look at the bond between mothers and daughters that can transform from hatred to love.
In 1980 Texas, a college freshman (Blake Jenner) meets his new baseball teammates (Will Brittain, Ryan Guzman), an unruly group of disco-dancing, skirt-chasing partyers.
After suffering a nervous breakdown, chess player Genesis Potini (Cliff Curtis) volunteers to teach a group of disadvantaged children how to play the game.
A lieutenant general (Alan Rickman) and a colonel (Helen Mirren) face political opposition after ordering a drone missile strike to take out a group of suicide bombers in Nairobi, Kenya.
Champion cyclist Giuseppe Marinoni tries to set a world record on a bicycle that he built almost 40 years earlier.
Ryan begins working on a poetic video game to honor his son's life when he is diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Severiano Ballesteros (José Luis Gutiérrez) battles adversity to become one of the greatest professional golfers of all time.
In the late 1960s, jazz trumpeter Chet Baker (Ethan Hawke) begins a romance with an actress (Carmen Ejogo) while trying to stage a musical comeback.
Current and former baseball players Hank Aaron, Derek Jeter, Bob Gibson, George Brett, Johnny Bench, Justin Verlander, David Price and others discuss the art of throwing and hitting the fastball.
Accompanied by her talking cat (Tony Hale), a teen (Angela Galuppo) embarks on a quest to find her missing parents in 1941 Paris.
Artist Tom Sachs and his team build an entire space program from scratch for a handmade journey to Mars.
A baker's (Masatoshi Nagase) business takes off when he hires an eccentric 76-year-old woman (Kirin Kiki) who specializes in making dorayaki pancakes.
The government and a group of religious extremists pursue a man (Michael Shannon) and his son (Jaeden Lieberher), a young boy who possesses special powers.
Upon hearing of the engagement of her housekeeper, Roohi (Taraneh Alidoosti), housewife Mozhde (Hedye Tehrani) sends the betrothed to enjoy free services at a local salon -- provided that she eavesdrop to verify suspicions that her wealthy husband, Morteza (Hamid Farokhnezhad), is having an affair. But when -- in a misguided attempt to mend the Samieis' impossibly broken marriage -- Roohi ignores Mozhde's instructions, her naive meddling may throw the couple even deeper into turmoil.
With help from a fellow Holocaust survivor (Martin Landau), a widower (Christopher Plummer) who struggles with memory loss embarks on a cross-country odyssey to find the former Nazi responsible for the deaths of their family members.
With help from her best friend's (Tyne Daly) granddaughter (Isabella Acres), a smitten woman (Sally Field) concocts schemes to get the attention of a younger co-worker (Max Greenfield) in her office.
Filmmaker Laura Gabbert follows Pulitzer Prize-winning food critic Jonathan Gold as he explores the culinary culture of Los Angeles.
Adm. Michiel de Ruyter (Frank Lammers) commands the Dutch fleet against the English navy in the 17th century.
After surviving a car accident, Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) wakes up to find herself in an underground bunker with two men. Howard (John Goodman) tells her that a massive chemical attack has rendered the air unbreathable, and their only hope of survival is to remain inside. Despite the comforts of home, Howard's controlling and menacing nature makes Michelle want to escape. After taking matters into her own hands, the young woman finally discovers the truth about the outside world.
From the largest elephant to the smallest shrew, the city of Zootopia is a mammal metropolis where various animals live and thrive. When Judy Hopps (Ginnifer Goodwin) becomes the first rabbit to join the police force, she quickly learns how tough it is to enforce the law. Determined to prove herself, Judy jumps at the opportunity to solve a mysterious case. Unfortunately, that means working with Nick Wilde (Jason Bateman), a wily fox who makes her job even harder.
Kyuta slips into an alternate universe where he is raised by a bear-man, Kumatetsu. Kyuta is eventually thrust into an adventure which spans both worlds.
Filmmakers Joseph Dorman and Oren Rudavsky examine the history of Zionism, its leaders and its influence on Jews and Palestinians.
Musicians unite to organize a concert in Timbuktu, Mali, after Islamic extremists ban all forms of music in the country.
A Norwegian geologist (Kristoffer Joner) and his family (Ane Dahl Torp, Jonas Hoff Oftebro) fight for survival when a massive landslide causes a 250-foot tidal wave.
Johnny and his sister Jashuan live with their single mother on a reservation. When their absentee father dies, Johnny feels compelled to strike out for a new life in LA, but fears leaving his sister behind.
Astronaut Eugene Cernan discusses his two missions to the moon, and what he loved and lost in the process.
Cut from the Olympic ski team, British athlete Michael "Eddie" Edwards travels to Germany to test his skills at ski jumping. Fate leads him to Bronson Peary, a former ski jumper who now works as a snowplow driver. Impressed by Edwards' spirit and determination, Peary agrees to train the young underdog. Despite an entire nation counting him out, Eddie's never-say-die attitude takes him all the way to a historic and improbable showing at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta.
The life, music, and message of singer Mavis Staples.
Young Jesse Owens (Stephan James) becomes a track and field sensation while attending the Ohio State University in the early 1930s. With guidance from coach Larry Snyder (Jason Sudeikis), Owens gains national recognition for breaking numerous records. After heated debates, the United States decides not to boycott the Olympics in Nazi Germany. Overcoming racism at home and abroad, Owens seizes the opportunity to show Berlin and the the world that he's the fastest man alive.
A beautiful mermaid (Jelly Lin) falls for a developer (Deng Chao) who threatens the ecosystem of her species.
Fed up with his nagging and nitpicking wife (Sandra Echeverría), a husband (Arath de la Torre) hires a man (Jesús Ochoa) to seduce her and break up the marriage.
Filmmaker Andrew Horn examines the history of the heavy-metal band Twisted Sister, from its early club days to its rise in the 1970s.
In the early 1900s, a young shaman (Nilbio Torres) in the Colombian Amazon helps a sick German explorer (Jan Bijvoet) and his local guide (Miguel Dionisio Ramos) search for a rare healing plant.
While staying at a psychiatric hospital, two manic-depressive poets (Katie Holmes, Luke Kirby) begin a romance that continues to blossom after their release.
Emma, a graduate student living alone in New York City, is watched by a stalker on all of her technological devices. Eventually, the video feeds are not enough and he goes from a virtual to a physical stalker.
A secret from the past threatens to tear apart the lives of a Vietnam War veteran (Michael Harney), his wife (Karen Allen) and their children.
Filmmaker Michael Moore visits various countries to examine how Europeans view work, education, health care, sex, equality, and other issues. From cafeteria food to sex ed, Moore looks at the benefits of schooling in France, Finland and Slovenia. In Italy, he marvels at how workers enjoy reasonable hours and generous vacation time. In Portugal, Moore notes the effects of the decriminalization of drugs. Through his travels, we discover just how different America is from the rest of the world.
On the cusp of the capitalist explosion in China, Shen Tao has two suitors-Zhang, an aspiring entrepreneur, and his best friend Liangzi, who works in a coal mine. Shen Tao decides to marry Zhang -- a man with a future.
Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds) is a former Special Forces operative who now works as a mercenary. His world comes crashing down when evil scientist Ajax (Ed Skrein) tortures, disfigures and transforms him into Deadpool. The rogue experiment leaves Deadpool with accelerated healing powers and a twisted sense of humor. With help from mutant allies Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand), Deadpool uses his new skills to hunt down the man who nearly destroyed his life.
A Danish commander (Pilou Asbæk) faces a courtroom trial after a judgment call leads to the deaths of 11 civilians during the war in Afghanistan.
A professor (Jason Sudeikis) collaborates with a grieving widow (Rebecca Hall) to write a biography about her husband, a folk singer who attracted a cult following.
Living large and loving life, Po (Jack Black) realizes that he has a lot to learn if he's going to fulfill the next challenge from his beloved instructor (Dustin Hoffman). After reuniting with his long-lost father (Bryan Cranston), Po must transition from student to teacher and train a group of fun-loving, clumsy pandas to become martial-arts fighters. Together, the kung-fu brethren unite to take on the evil Kai (J.K. Simmons), a supernatural warrior who becomes stronger with each battle.
Using interviews filmed over four years, Noam Chomsky discusses the deliberate concentration of wealth and power found in the hands of a select few.
Friends, family, and colleagues of James Foley discuss his life and provide details of his time in captivity.
On Feb. 18, 1952, a massive storm splits the SS Pendleton in two, trapping more than 30 sailors inside the tanker's sinking stern. Engineer Ray Sybert bravely takes charge to organize a strategy for his fellow survivors. As word of the disaster reaches the Coast Guard in Chatham, Mass., Chief Warrant Officer Daniel Cluff orders a daring rescue mission. Despite the ferocious weather, coxswain Bernie Webber takes three men on a lifeboat to try and save the crew against seemingly impossible odds.
After stumbling across an alien crash site, four small-town misfits (Burnie Burns, Gavin Free, Michael Jones) must use an extraterrestrial battle suit to save mankind.
Martial-arts master Ip Man (Donnie Yen) takes on a crooked developer (Mike Tyson) and his gang of brutal thugs.
Hoping to save his marriage, a drug addict (Sam Trammell) battles a ring of criminals to recover his estranged wife's necklace.
Grown-ups Tom Sawyer (Adam Nee), Huck Finn (Kyle Gallner) and two old friends search for hidden treasure inside a pawn shop.
While racing toward the town of Red Rock in post-Civil War Wyoming, bounty hunter John "The Hangman" Ruth (Kurt Russell) and his fugitive prisoner (Jennifer Jason Leigh) encounter another bounty hunter (Samuel L. Jackson) and a man who claims to be a sheriff. Hoping to find shelter from a blizzard, the group travels to a stagecoach stopover located on a mountain pass. Greeted there by four strangers, the eight travelers soon learn that they may not make it to their destination after all.
An inspirational speaker (David Thewlis) becomes reinvigorated after meeting a lively woman (Jennifer Jason Leigh) who shakes up his mundane existence.
While exploring the uncharted wilderness in 1823, frontiersman Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) sustains life-threatening injuries from a brutal bear attack. When a member (Tom Hardy) of his hunting team kills his young son (Forrest Goodluck) and leaves him for dead, Glass must utilize his survival skills to find a way back to civilization. Grief-stricken and fueled by vengeance, the legendary fur trapper treks through the snowy terrain to track down the man who betrayed him.
As their 45th wedding anniversary approaches, a woman (Charlotte Rampling) learns that her husband (Tom Courtenay) was once engaged to someone else.
In 2008, Wall Street guru Michael Burry realizes that a number of subprime home loans are in danger of defaulting. Burry bets against the housing market by throwing more than $1 billion of his investors' money into credit default swaps. His actions attract the attention of banker Jared Vennett (Ryan Gosling), hedge-fund specialist Mark Baum (Steve Carell) and other greedy opportunists. Together, these men make a fortune by taking full advantage of the impending economic collapse in America.
During World War II, a Jewish worker (Géza Röhrig) at the Auschwitz concentration camp tries to find a rabbi to give a child a proper burial.
Thirty years after the defeat of the Galactic Empire, the galaxy faces a new threat from the evil Kylo Ren (Adam Driver) and the First Order. When a defector named Finn crash-lands on a desert planet, he meets Rey (Daisy Ridley), a tough scavenger whose droid contains a top-secret map. Together, the young duo joins forces with Han Solo (Harrison Ford) to make sure the Resistance receives the intelligence concerning the whereabouts of Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill), the last of the Jedi Knights.
Filmmaker Beth Harrington traces the history of the Carter Family.
A boy without a father leaves his village and explores a strange world.
Fred (Michael Caine), a retired composer and conductor, vacations at a Swiss Spa with his longtime friend Mick (Harvey Keitel). As Mick crafts what may be his final screenplay, Fred is given the opportunity to perform for the Queen.
In 1973 London, playwright Alan Bennett (Alex Jennings) develops an unlikely friendship with Miss Shepherd (Maggie Smith), a homeless woman who lives in a van in his driveway for the next 15 years.
Filmmaker Su Rynard explores humanity's deep connection to birds and the effects man-made hazards have had on their populations.
Filmmakers Martin Scorsese, David Fincher, Wes Anderson and others discuss the legacy of Alfred Hitchcock and the book "Hitchcock" by François Truffaut.
A chance encounter motivates an obese man (Mel Rodriguez) to battle his addiction to food and become healthier.
With support from his loving wife Gerda (Alicia Vikander), artist Einar Wegener (Eddie Redmayne) prepares to undergo one of the first sex-change operations.
Archival footage and interviews highlight the life and career of singer-songwriter Janis Joplin, from her musical rise in the 1960s to her battle with alcohol and heroin addiction.
Filmmaker Jon J. Whelan examines how dangerous chemicals in American products pose a health risk to consumers.
Luckily for young Arlo, his parents (Jeffrey Wright, Frances McDormand) and his two siblings, the mighty dinosaurs were not wiped out 65 million years ago. When a rainstorm washes poor Arlo (Raymond Ochoa) downriver, he ends up bruised, battered and miles away from home. Good fortune shines on the frightened dino when he meets Spot (Jack Bright), a Neanderthal boy who offers his help and friendship. Together, the unlikely duo embark on an epic adventure to reunite Arlo with his beloved family.
Adonis Johnson (Michael B. Jordan) never knew his famous father, boxing champion Apollo Creed, who died before Adonis was born. However, boxing is in his blood, so he seeks out Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone) and asks the retired champ to be his trainer. Rocky sees much of Apollo in Adonis, and agrees to mentor him, even as he battles an opponent deadlier than any in the ring. With Rocky's help, Adonis soon gets a title shot, but whether he has the true heart of a fighter remains to be seen.
In a Turkish village, five orphaned sisters (Günes Sensoy, Tugba Sunguroglu, Elit Iscan) live under strict rule while members of their family prepare their arranged marriages.
Realizing the stakes are no longer just for survival, Katniss Everdeen (Jennifer Lawrence) teams up with her closest friends, including Peeta (Josh Hutcherson), Gale (Liam Hemsworth) and Finnick for the ultimate mission. Together, they leave District 13 to liberate the citizens of war-torn Panem and assassinate President Snow, who's obsessed with destroying Katniss. What lies ahead are mortal traps, dangerous enemies and moral choices that will ultimately determine the future of millions.
John Mikl Thor, a bodybuilding, steel bending, brick smashing rock star of the 1970s and 1980s, attempts a comeback that nearly kills him.
Therese Belivet (Rooney Mara) spots the beautiful, elegant Carol (Cate Blanchett) perusing the doll displays in a 1950s Manhattan department store. The two women develop a fast bond that becomes a love with complicated consequences.
For the last 10 years, lifelong buddies Ethan (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), Isaac (Seth Rogen) and Chris (Anthony Mackie) have gathered on Christmas Eve to celebrate the holidays with a bang. As Isaac prepares to become a first-time father, the friends realize that their annual tradition is coming to a sad end. To make it as memorable as possible, they plan a night of debauchery and hilarity by searching for the Nutcracka Ball, the Holy Grail of Christmas parties in New York.
Production problems affect the filming of the movie "Le Mans" in 1970, a passion project for Hollywood icon and racing enthusiast Steve McQueen.
When a man (Simon Pegg) mistakes her for his blind date, a woman (Lake Bell) decides to play along to see what happens.
A young New Yorker (Christopher Abbott) struggles to control his reckless behavior as his mother (Cynthia Nixon) battles cancer.
In 2001, editor Marty Baron of The Boston Globe assigns a team of journalists to investigate allegations against John Geoghan, an unfrocked priest accused of molesting more than 80 boys. Led by editor Walter "Robby" Robinson (Michael Keaton), reporters Michael Rezendes (Mark Ruffalo), Matt Carroll and Sacha Pfeiffer interview victims and try to unseal sensitive documents. The reporters make it their mission to provide proof of a cover-up of sexual abuse within the Roman Catholic Church.
A young jockey prepares to race in the Palio and hopes to beat his former mentor.
A woman (Toni Collette) undergoes treatment to battle breast cancer while her best friend (Drew Barrymore) tries to get pregnant.
Accompanied by human-rights lawyer Philippe Sands, the sons of two Nazi war criminals travel through Europe to confront the past sins of their fathers.
In 1916, Theeb lives with his Bedouin tribe in a remote part of the Ottoman Empire. When his older brother has to escort a British officer across the desert, Theeb tags along for the adventure.
A cryptic message from the past leads James Bond (Daniel Craig) to Mexico City and Rome, where he meets the beautiful widow (Monica Bellucci) of an infamous criminal. After infiltrating a secret meeting, 007 uncovers the existence of the sinister organization SPECTRE. Needing the help of the daughter of an old nemesis, he embarks on a mission to find her. As Bond ventures toward the heart of SPECTRE, he discovers a chilling connection between himself and the enemy (Christoph Waltz) he seeks.
In 1947, successful screenwriter Dalton Trumbo (Bryan Cranston) and other Hollywood figures get blacklisted for their political beliefs.
Life always seems complicated for good ol' Charlie Brown (Noah Schnapp), the boy who always tries his best against seemingly impossible odds. When the Little Red-Haired Girl moves into his neighborhood, Charlie Brown develops a crush on her. Meanwhile, his best friend Snoopy embarks on an epic adventure in a fantasy world. As a World War I flying ace, the lovable beagle pursues his nemesis, the Red Baron, while also trying to win the heart of a beautiful poodle named Fifi (Kristin Chenoweth).
Young Irish immigrant Eilis Lace (Saoirse Ronan) navigates her way through 1950s Brooklyn. Lured by the promise of America, Eilis departs Ireland and the comfort of her mother's home for the shores of New York City. The initial shackles of homesickness quickly diminish as a fresh romance sweeps Eilis into the intoxicating charm of love. But soon, her past disrupts her new vivacity, and Eilis must choose between two countries and the lives that exist within.
In a touring Shakespearean theatre company, backstage hand Norman is devoted to the brilliant but tyrannical head of the company, Sir; he struggles to support the deteriorating star as the company works to carry on during the London blitz.
With public anticipation running high, Apple Inc. co-founders Steve Jobs (Michael Fassbender) and Steve "Woz" Wozniak get ready to unveil the first Macintosh in 1984. Jobs must also deal with personal issues related to ex-girlfriend Chrisann Brennan and their young daughter Lisa. Eventually fired, Jobs launches NeXT Inc. and prepares to release a new computer model in 1988. Ten years later, Jobs is back at Apple Inc. and about to revolutionize the industry once again with the iMac.
In the Old West, a sheriff (Kurt Russell), his deputy (Richard Jenkins), a gunslinger (Matthew Fox),and a cowboy (Patrick Wilson) embark on a mission to rescue three people from a savage group of cave dwellers.
In early 20th-century Britain, the growing suffragette movement forever changes the life of working wife and mother Maud Watts (Carey Mulligan). Galvanized by political activist Emmeline Pankhurst (Meryl Streep), Watts joins a diverse group of women who fight for equality and the right to vote. Faced with increasing police action, Maud and her dedicated suffragettes must play a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse, risking their jobs, homes, family and lives for a just cause.
Musician and performance artist Laurie Anderson reflects on the deaths of her husband Lou Reed, her mother and her beloved dog.
The life of Raphael Lemkin, the man who first used the term genocide.
Upset about moving from the big city to a small town, young Zach Cooper (Dylan Minnette) finds a silver lining when he meets his beautiful neighbor Hannah (Odeya Rush). The teen is surprised to learn that Hannah's mysterious father is R.L. Stine (Jack Black), the famous author of the best-selling "Goosebumps" series. When Zach accidentally unleashes the monsters from the fantastic tales, it's up to Stine, his daughter and Cooper to return the beasts back to the books where they belong.
A Ukrainian survivor of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster discovers a dark secret and has to decide to risk his life by revealing it.
Controversy surrounds CBS anchor Dan Rather (Robert Redford) and "60 Minutes" producer Mary Mapes (Cate Blanchett) after the network broadcasts a report about President George W. Bush and his military service.
In 1961, social psychologist Stanley Milgram (Peter Sarsgaard) conducts controversial experiments designed to measure conformity, conscience and free will.
Held captive for years in an enclosed space, a woman (Brie Larson) and her young son (Jacob Tremblay) finally gain their freedom, allowing the boy to experience the outside world for the first time.
Following government-mandated desegregation in 1973, Tony Nathan (Caleb Castille) joins fellow African-American students at Woodlawn High School in Birmingham, Ala. As violence and anger erupt in the city, Woodlawn football coach Tandy Gerelds (Nic Bishop) allows an outsider (Sean Astin) to speak to his players. His message of hope and love leads to a spiritual awakening that inspires star athlete Nathan, his teammates and other members of the community to overcome the hate that surrounds them.
Filmmaker Colin Hanks examines the history of Tower Records, from its rise and fall to the legacy forged by its rebellious founder Russ Solomon.
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union captures U.S. pilot Francis Gary Powers after shooting down his U-2 spy plane. Sentenced to 10 years in prison, Powers' only hope is New York lawyer James Donovan (Tom Hanks), recruited by a CIA operative to negotiate his release. Donovan boards a plane to Berlin, hoping to win the young man's freedom through a prisoner exchange. If all goes well, the Russians would get Rudolf Abel (Mark Rylance), the convicted spy who Donovan defended in court.
Four local Berliners recruit a thrill-seeking Spanish woman (Laia Costa) to be their getaway driver for a bank robbery.
As a boy, Philippe Petit dreams of performing daring feats for dazzled crowds. As an adult (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), his life's ambition comes true when he becomes a high-wire artist who stares death in the face with every step. Under the guidance of mentor Papa Rudy, the French daredevil devises a plan to walk on a tightrope attached to the north and south towers of the World Trade Center. With help from his team and against all odds, Petit attempts the seemingly impossible stunt on Aug. 7, 1974.
In Brazil, three young favela dwellers go on the run after they find a wallet containing proof of a politician's corruption.
Max, recently orphaned, goes to see a screening of a B-horror movie that her mother made 20 years earlier. When Max and her friends find themselves in the world of the film itself, they must apply their knowledge of horror tropes to survive.
After the Taliban tries to kill her for speaking out on behalf of girls' education, Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai emerges as a leading advocate for children's rights and the youngest-ever Nobel Peace Prize Laureate.
When astronauts blast off from the planet Mars, they leave behind Mark Watney (Matt Damon), presumed dead after a fierce storm. With only a meager amount of supplies, the stranded visitor must utilize his wits and spirit to find a way to survive on the hostile planet. Meanwhile, back on Earth, members of NASA and a team of international scientists work tirelessly to bring him home, while his crew mates hatch their own plan for a daring rescue mission.
After rising through the ranks of her male-dominated profession, idealistic FBI agent Kate Macer (Emily Blunt) receives a top assignment. Recruited by mysterious government official Matt Graver (Josh Brolin), Kate joins a task force for the escalating war against drugs. Led by the intense and shadowy Alejandro (Benicio Del Toro), the team travels back-and-forth across the U.S.-Mexican border, using one cartel boss (Bernardo Saracino) to flush out a bigger one (Julio Cesar Cedillo).
Two teenage boys accidentally summon an evil entity by delving into black magic.
After an ice slide kills 16 Sherpas on Everest, they unite in grief and anger to reclaim the mountain.
Scientists and artists discuss their fascination with plasmodial slime mold.
The concert experience of the classic Pink Floyd album "The Wall"; musicians Roger Waters and Nick Mason reunite to answer questions submitted by fans around the world.
Starting a new job can be a difficult challenge, especially if you're already retired. Looking to get back into the game, 70-year-old widower Ben Whittaker (Robert De Niro) seizes the opportunity to become a senior intern at an online fashion site. Ben soon becomes popular with his younger co-workers, including Jules Ostin (Anne Hathaway), the boss and founder of the company. Whittaker's charm, wisdom and sense of humor help him develop a special bond and growing friendship with Jules.
The National Lampoon magazine utilizes outrageous humor to poke fun at politics, religion, entertainment and lifestyles.
Amputee John Wood finds himself in a stranger-than-fiction battle to reclaim his mummified leg from entrepreneur Shannon Whisnant, who found it in a grill that he bought at an auction.
A desperate construction worker (Andrew Garfield) reluctantly accepts a job with the ruthless real-estate broker (Michael Shannon) who evicted him and his family from their home.
American chess legend Bobby Fischer (Tobey Maguire) and Soviet Grandmaster Boris Spassky (Liev Schreiber) enthrall the world with their intense battle of wills and strategy during the 1972 World Chess Championship.
A Latina woman (Diana Elizabeth Torres) aspires to become a sushi chef while working in a Japanese restaurant.
A recently widowed man (Romain Duris) develops a close bond with his wife's best friend (Anaïs Demoustier), while returning to his compulsion to dress like a woman.
On the morning of May 10, 1996, climbers (Jason Clarke, Josh Brolin) from two expeditions start their final ascent toward the summit of Mount Everest, the highest point on Earth. With little warning, a violent storm strikes the mountain, engulfing the adventurers in one of the fiercest blizzards ever encountered by man. Challenged by the harshest conditions imaginable, the teams must endure blistering winds and freezing temperatures in an epic battle to survive against nearly impossible odds.
A detective tracks down a successful young man running a crime syndicate.
Twin boys who do everything together, from collecting beetles to feeding stray cats, welcome their mother home after her reconstructive surgery. But with her face wrapped in bandages, and her demeanor distant, they grow suspicious of her identity.
Filmmaker Geeta V. Patel follows her brother, Indian-American actor Ravi V. Patel, as he embarks on a quest to find a wife and make his family happy.
Charlie, a 17-year-old girl tortured by doubt, is thrilled when she becomes friends with Sarah, but when Sarah tires of Charlie and looks for a new friend, their relationship takes an ominous turn.
Struggling to build relationships with others, a teenage math prodigy (Asa Butterfield) develops a budding friendship with a young girl (Jo Yang) while competing at the International Mathematics Olympiad.
Filmmaker Jerry Rothwell examines the early days of Greenpeace and co-founder Bob Hunter's commitment to environmental issues.
High-school senior Malcolm (Shameik Moore) and his friends Jib (Tony Revolori) and Diggy (Kiersey Clemons) bond over '90s hip-hop culture, their studies and playing music in their own punk band. A chance encounter with a drug dealer named Dom lands Malcolm and company at the dealer's nightclub birthday party; when the scene turns violent, they flee -- with the Ecstasy that Dom secretly hid in Malcolm's backpack. A wild adventure ensues as the youths try to evade armed thugs who want the stash.
Teenage Guatemalan emigrants journey to the United States.
A woman's (Ellen Dorrit Petersen) imagination runs wild after she loses her sight.
Aaron answers an online ad and drives to a stranger's house to film him for the day. The man wants to make a movie for his unborn child, but his requests become more bizarre as the day goes along.
Filmmaker Stanley Nelson examines the rise of the Black Panther Party in the 1960s and its impact on civil rights and American culture.
Unspoken class barriers that exist within a home come crashing down when the live-in housekeeper's daughter suddenly appears.
Filmmaker Daniel Junge examines the life, career and legacy of Evel Knievel, the young man from Montana who stared death in the face to become a legendary daredevil.
A misanthropic poet (Lily Tomlin) takes her granddaughter (Julia Garner) across Los Angeles in search of the money she needs to terminate her unwanted pregnancy.
A graphic novelist /professor (Jemaine Clement) tries to navigate the unfamiliar waters of single fatherhood and dating.
Still reeling from the death of her father, a 16-year-old (Paris Warner) attends a Bible-themed camp with a group of young Mormon girls.
Filmmaker Hubert Sauper examines how colonialism, war and business contribute to the exploitation of South Sudan.
In 1988, a groundbreaking new group revolutionizes music and pop culture, changing and influencing hip-hop forever. N.W.A's first studio album, "Straight Outta Compton," stirs controversy with its brutally honest depiction of life in Southern Los Angeles. With guidance from veteran manager Jerry Heller, band members Ice Cube (O'Shea Jackson Jr.), Dr. Dre (Corey Hawkins), Eazy-E, DJ Yella and MC Ren navigate their way through the industry, acquiring fame, fortune and a place in history.
Three elite climbers fight through obsession and loss as they struggle to climb Mount Meru.
At the height of the Cold War, a mysterious criminal organization plans to use nuclear weapons and technology to upset the fragile balance of power between the United States and Soviet Union. CIA agent Napoleon Solo (Henry Cavill) and KGB agent Illya Kuryakin (Armie Hammer) are forced to put aside their hostilities and work together to stop the evildoers in their tracks. The duo's only lead is the daughter of a missing German scientist, whom they must find soon to prevent a global catastrophe.
A dissident being kept under house arrest recounts valuable lessons in a series of vignettes while a mischievous young woman causes trouble in her town.
When married couple Simon (Jason Bateman) and Robyn (Rebecca Hall) unexpectedly encounter Gordo (Joel Edgerton), an acquaintance from Simon's past, little do they know that their perfect lives will be thrown into a terrifying tailspin. At first, Simon doesn't recognize Gordo, but after a troubling series of uninvited encounters and mysterious gifts, a horrifying secret emerges. As Robyn learns what really happened between Simon and Gordo, she begins to question how well she knows her spouse.
Barry Crimmins finds success as a stand-up comic and club owner, while also becoming an activist against child sexual abuse.
In 1970s San Francisco, a precocious 15-year-old (Bel Powley) embarks on an enthusiastic sexual odyssey, beginning with her mother's current lover (Alexander Skarsgård).
All is well at Mossy Bottom Farm, except for the fact that the animals will do anything to get out of work. So, Shaun the sheep and his scheming friends devise a plan to put their master to sleep. However, the ruse backfires when the poor farmer finds himself transported to the big city, having lost his memory. Now, it's up to Sean, Timmy the lamb, Shirley the ewe and the rest of the gang to travel to the metropolis and get him back, while not landing in even more trouble themselves.
Gokû (Masako Nozawa) and Vegeta (Ryô Horikawa) must protect Earth from the resurrected Frieza and his army of soldiers.
Filmmaker Damon Gameau documents the effects of eating supposedly healthy foods that contain high amounts of sugar.
Writer and journalist David Lipsky (Jesse Eisenberg) interviews author David Foster Wallace (Jason Segel) for Rolling Stone magazine.
Friends, family and colleagues discuss the life and career of comic Chris Farley, the popular star of "Saturday Night Live" and numerous films.
With the IMF now disbanded and Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) out in the cold, a new threat -- called the Syndicate -- soon emerges. The Syndicate is a network of highly skilled operatives who are dedicated to establishing a new world order via an escalating series of terrorist attacks. Faced with what may be the most impossible mission yet, Ethan gathers his team and joins forces with Ilsa Faust (Rebecca Ferguson), a disavowed British agent who may or may not be a member of this deadly rogue nation.
In 1968, ideological opposites William F. Buckley Jr. and Gore Vidal hold a series of riveting, nationally televised debates that usher in a new era of public discourse and pundit TV.
After undergoing reconstructive surgery, a concentration camp survivor (Nina Hoss) tries to find out if her husband (Ronald Zehrfeld) betrayed her to the Nazis.
The wild early days of the vaudeville superstar.
In 1971, Stanford's Professor Philip Zimbardo (Billy Crudup) conducts a controversial psychology experiment in which college students pretend to be either prisoners or guards, but the proceedings soon get out of hand.
An optician confronts the men who killed the brother that he never knew during the 1960s Indonesian genocide.
Ever since her father drilled into her head that monogamy isn't realistic, magazine writer Amy (Amy Schumer) has made promiscuity her credo. As much as she enjoys an uninhibited life free of commitment, Amy is really in a rut. While writing a profile about charming and successful sports doctor Aaron Conners (Bill Hader), she finds herself actually falling in love for the first time -- and what's more, Aaron seems to like her too. Amy starts to wonder if it's time to clean up her act.
A homicide detective (Lee Sun-kyun) accidentally kills a man with his car, then tries to hide the body in his mother's coffin on the day of her funeral.
Long-retired and near the end of his life, Sherlock Holmes (Ian McKellen) grapples with an unreliable memory and must rely on his housekeeper's son as he revisits the still-unsolved case that led to his retirement.
Forced out of his own company by former protégé Darren Cross, Dr. Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) recruits the talents of Scott Lang (Paul Rudd), a master thief just released from prison. Lang becomes Ant-Man, trained by Pym and armed with a suit that allows him to shrink in size, possess superhuman strength and control an army of ants. The miniature hero must use his new skills to prevent Cross, also known as Yellowjacket, from perfecting the same technology and using it as a weapon for evil.
A social activist who uses folk music to spread his message is arrested, accused of inciting a sewage worker's suicide. Lawyers from both sides of the aisle, and the rote ideologies they represent, are scrutinized as the trial plays out.
A suicidal man (Leon Cain) hires a demented killer (Steve Mouzakis) to help him end it all, but he miraculously continues to survive each attempt on his life.
After hearing that her boyfriend/pimp cheated on her while she was in jail, a hooker and her best friend set out to find him and teach him and his new lover a lesson.
Maria, a devout 14-year-old Roman Catholic, goes through all 14 stations of the cross to become a saint and go to heaven.
While visiting family in the Scottish Highlands, a troubled couple (Rosamund Pike, David Tennant) try to put on a happy face, but their three children innocently reveal all of their biggest secrets.
Filmmaker Matthew Heineman examines the the state of the ongoing drug problem along the U.S.-Mexican border.
An escaped Sudanese slave boy (Max Renaudin) befriends a baby giraffe and accompanies it on a perilous journey to the shores of France.
Archival footage and personal testimonials present an intimate portrait of the life and career of British singer/songwriter Amy Winehouse.
A game of sexual role-playing convinces a man that he wants to become a full-time actor, in one of several stories of suburbanites exploring erotic fetishes.
A couple in a lack-luster marriage treats their dog like a baby until it is kidnapped. As they play and cat and mouse game with the kidnappers, they rediscover their love of each other and conquer their fear of parenthood.
The Make-A-Wish Foundation and the city of San Francisco join forces to grant a five-year-old boy's wish to become Batman for a day, drawing worldwide attention.
When a corporate competitor threatens their livelihood, a desperate and determined woman (Joanne Kelly) goes to great lengths to save the family farm.
Anthony Porter's death sentence is commuted when another man confesses to the crime. After his release, many doubt his innocence and suspect that both men are pawns in a much larger plan.
Classically trained pianist, dive-bar chanteuse, black power icon and legendary recording artist Nina Simone lived a life of brutal honesty, musical genius, and tortured melancholy.
Three parallel stories of how far all beings will go for love.
Riley (Kaitlyn Dias) is a happy, hockey-loving 11-year-old Midwestern girl, but her world turns upside-down when she and her parents move to San Francisco. Riley's emotions -- led by Joy (Amy Poehler) -- try to guide her through this difficult, life-changing event. However, the stress of the move brings Sadness (Phyllis Smith) to the forefront. When Joy and Sadness are inadvertently swept into the far reaches of Riley's mind, the only emotions left in Headquarters are Anger, Fear and Disgust.
In Boston, a bipolar individual (Mark Ruffalo) takes over sole responsibility for his two spirited daughters while his wife (Zoe Saldana) attends graduate school in New York.
While attending a boarding school for the deaf, a young man (Grigoriy Fesenko) joins a gang of criminals to become a thief and a pimp.
A young man (Alec Owen) infiltrates a fraternity after the serial killer Motherface murders his twin brother.
An awkward high-school senior (Thomas Mann) and a gravely ill classmate (Olivia Cooke) surprise themselves by becoming inseparable friends.
Located off the coast of Costa Rica, the Jurassic World luxury resort provides a habitat for an array of genetically engineered dinosaurs, including the vicious and intelligent Indominus rex. When the massive creature escapes, it sets off a chain reaction that causes the other dinos to run amok. Now, it's up to a former military man and animal expert (Chris Pratt) to use his special skills to save two young brothers and the rest of the tourists from an all-out, prehistoric assault.
Locked away from the outside world in a Manhattan apartment, the Angulo siblings satisfy their curiosity, imagination and need to explore by re-enacting their favorite movies.
After a Cuban writer falls for a ballerina who is married to a military leader, he leaves the wealth of his family behind and pursues the excitement and passion during a time of revolution. Years later, he reflects on the mistakes of his youth.
In the late 1960s, the Beach Boys' Brian Wilson stops touring, produces "Pet Sounds" and begins to lose his grip on reality. By the 1980s, Wilson (John Cusack), under the sway of a controlling therapist, finds a savior in Melinda Ledbetter.
Despite having solid field training, CIA analyst Susan Cooper (Melissa McCarthy) has spent her entire career as a desk jockey, working hand-in-hand with dashing agent Bradley Fine (Jude Law). Using high-tech equipment and a hidden earpiece, Susan is the guardian angel who helps Bradley avoid danger. However, when Bradley is assassinated by Bulgarian arms dealer Rayna Boyanov (Rose Byrne), Susan wrangles her way into her first undercover assignment to help capture Boyanov and avenge Bradley.
During World War I, Oxford University student Vera Brittain (Alicia Vikander) postpones her studies to serve as a nurse while her suitor, her brother and a secret admirer face death in the trenches.
A young heroin addict (Arielle Holmes) roams the streets of New York to panhandle and get her next fix, while her unstable boyfriend (Caleb Landry Jones) drifts in and out of her life at random.
Four aimless teenagers skateboard in the park and rummage through the abandoned bones of an empty trailer park, completely unaware that this was also the site of someone's horrific past.
Nicole enjoys a peaceful summer with her best friend Véronique until their plans take an unexpected turn. When Nicole's older brother shows up with his band to record an album, the bond between the two best friends is put to the test.
A small-town man (Kévin Azaïs) falls in love with an apocalyptic-minded woman (Adèle Haenel) and joins her at boot camp to learn survivalist skills.
Levana and Yehezkel, a married couple in a retirement home, love being together until a pair of devastating challenges suddenly threatens to divide them.
The life and accomplishments of Carl Boenish, one of the first pioneers of BASE jumping.
A tomboy (Hailee Steinfeld) explores a long-abandoned villa and meets a mysterious blonde girl only she can see.
Three restless teens search for folk-rocker Epigmenio Cruz on the streets of Mexico City during the student strikes of 1999.
Three friends discover a photo machine that shows pictures a day into the future. After they use it for personal gain, disturbing and dangerous photos begin to develop.
Ken Taylor, Canada's former ambassador to Iran, discusses sheltering six American diplomats.
In 1970s France, dedicated cop Pierre Michel (Jean Dujardin) risks his life to crack a heroin ring masterminded by powerful mobster Gaëtan Zampa (Gilles Lellouche).
After realizing how lonely and routine her life has become, a longtime widow (Blythe Danner) begins relationships with two very different men (Martin Starr, Sam Elliott).
It's been three years since the Barden Bellas (Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson) became the first all-female group to win a national title. All seems well until a botched Lincoln Center performance for the president leads to a scandal that strips them of their performing duties, causing internal tension and strife. With the world championships on the horizon in Copenhagen, Denmark, the women must get their act together for their one and only shot at redemption.
Years after the collapse of civilization, the tyrannical Immortan Joe enslaves apocalypse survivors inside the desert fortress the Citadel. When the warrior Imperator Furiosa (Charlize Theron) leads the despot's five wives in a daring escape, she forges an alliance with Max Rockatansky (Tom Hardy), a loner and former captive. Fortified in the massive, armored truck the War Rig, they try to outrun the ruthless warlord and his henchmen in a deadly high-speed chase through the Wasteland.
Living in their broken-down car, a young couple (David Dastmalchian, Kim Shaw) scams strangers to support their heroin addiction.
A bounty hunter (Michael Fassbender) keeps his true motive a secret from the naive Scottish teenager (Kodi Smit-McPhee) he's offered to serve as bodyguard and guide while the youth searches for his beloved in 1800s Colorado.
After winning the California teacher of the year award, Mitch receives a tempting offer that may force him from his job.
Three teens spending the summer on the shores of Lake Superior test their limits to escape boredom.
Former NYPD officer Michael Dowd tells how he and his partner committed a long list of crimes, including running their own cocaine ring, while on the job in the 1980s and early '90s.
Allan Karlsson, a 100-year-old explosives expert, escapes from a retirement home.
The 35-year racing career of actor Paul Newman.
Christina Noble overcomes the harsh difficulties of her childhood in Ireland to discover her destiny on the streets of Saigon.
Caroll Spinney is the 80-year-old who has been creating the Muppet characters of Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch since the first season of "Sesame Street."
Bob agrees to finance Jason's horror film, and asks him to find the best groan in the history of cinema.
A headstrong Victorian beauty (Carey Mulligan) has her choice of three different suitors: a sheep farmer (Matthias Schoenaerts), a dashing soldier (Tom Sturridge) and a prosperous, older bachelor (Michael Sheen).
A cop, a hostage and a wife fight to survive during three Soccer World Cups.
When Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) jump-starts a dormant peacekeeping program, things go terribly awry, forcing him, Thor (Chris Hemsworth), the Incredible Hulk (Mark Ruffalo) and the rest of the Avengers to reassemble. As the fate of Earth hangs in the balance, the team is put to the ultimate test as they battle Ultron, a technological terror hell-bent on human extinction. Along the way, they encounter two mysterious and powerful newcomers, Pietro and Wanda Maximoff.
In 1950s Algeria, a schoolteacher (Viggo Mortensen) agrees to deliver an admitted murderer (Reda Kateb) to a French court for trial.
Filmmaker Albert Maysles pays tribute to nonagenarian Iris Apfel, the quick-witted, longtime interior designer and outspoken champion of eclectic fashion.
Filmmaker Brett Morgen uses material from the Cobains' personal archives in an in-depth examination of the Nirvana frontman's childhood, music career and untimely death.
Ilan Halimi is kidnapped and tortured over 24 days, prompting a massive police manhunt.
Four years after the Battle of Gallipoli, Australian farmer Joshua Connor (Russell Crowe) travels to Turkey to find his three sons, who never returned home from the war. When he arrives in Istanbul, he meets others who have also suffered losses: hotelier Ayshe (Olga Kurylenko) and her son, Orhan, who befriends Connor; and Major Hasan (Yilmaz Erdogan), a Turkish officer who fought against Connor's sons and now may be their father's only hope in finding closure.
Caleb Smith (Domhnall Gleeson) a programmer at a huge Internet company, wins a contest that enables him to spend a week at the private estate of Nathan Bateman (Oscar Isaac), his firm's brilliant CEO. When he arrives, Caleb learns that he has been chosen to be the human component in a Turing test to determine the capabilities and consciousness of Ava (Alicia Vikander), a beautiful robot. However, it soon becomes evident that Ava is far more self-aware and deceptive than either man imagined.
During the war in Abkhazia, an Estonian man stays behind to harvest tangerines and cares for a wounded fighter.
A young married woman finds freedom from the Orthodox Jewish community through a relationship with a young man mourning his father's death.
In South Asia, Maya the monkey and her son Kip struggle to survive within the competitive social hierarchy of the troop at Castle Rock. When neighboring monkeys take over their home, Maya's whole troop is forced to relocate. She uses her ingenuity to lead the members of her extended family to untapped resources amid strange new creatures and unfamiliar surroundings. Ultimately, the entire troop must work together to reclaim Castle Rock, where Maya hopes her son will have a bright future.
A cabdriver's son (Kang-sheng Lee) quits his college studies to get revenge on two petty thieves (Chou-jun Chen, Chang-bin Jen) that vandalized his father's car.
A veteran actress (Juliette Binoche) comes face-to-face with an uncomfortable reflection of herself when she agrees to take part in a revival of the play that launched her career 20 years earlier.
An aging rocker (Al Pacino) decides to change the course of his life after receiving a long-undelivered letter from the late John Lennon.
A teenager's claim that she was victimized by a secret society of her peers whips up hysteria and throws their town into the national spotlight.
Gifted artisans help Raf Simons pull together his first collection in eight weeks.
A young teacher disappears before being introduced to a potential suitor in northern Iran.
After carefree teenager Jay (Maika Monroe) sleeps with her new boyfriend, Hugh (Jake Weary), for the first time, she learns that she is the latest recipient of a fatal curse that is passed from victim to victim via sexual intercourse. Death, Jay learns, will creep inexorably toward her as either a friend or a stranger. Jay's friends don't believe her seemingly paranoid ravings, until they too begin to see the phantom assassins and band together to help her flee or defend herself.
After defeating international terrorist Owen Shaw, Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel), Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) and the rest of the crew have separated to return to more normal lives. However, Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham), Owen's older brother, is thirsty for revenge. A slick government agent offers to help Dom and company take care of Shaw in exchange for their help in rescuing a kidnapped computer hacker who has developed a powerful surveillance program.
A young writer (Anton Yelchin) begins an affair with an older woman (Bérénice Marlohe) from France whose open marriage to a diplomat (Lambert Wilson) dictates that they can meet only between the hours of 5 p.m. to 7 p.m.
Billie's (Tilda Cobham-Hervey) reluctant path to independence is accelerated when her mother reveals her plans to transition genders.
Best friends have no idea they will be thrown into the spotlight when they create their own song for the Universong contest.
Juliano Ribeiro Salgado co-directs a look at the career of his father, photographer Sebastião Salgado.
Failing in his efforts to find his beloved owner (Zsófia Psotta), an abandoned dog eventually joins a canine revolt against their human abusers.
Love turns to hate and panic breeds suspicion as two parents deal with the kidnapping of their child.
Gino Bartali and other Italians rescue Jews, partisans and refugees from Nazi-occupied Italy.
Three amateur criminals kidnap author Michel Houellebecq.
An aimless young man (Lou Taylor Pucci) takes an impromptu trip to Italy and becomes involved with an alluring genetics student (Nadia Hilker) who harbors a transformative secret.
Frustrated with her mundane life, a Tokyo office worker (Rinko Kikuchi) becomes obsessed with a fictional movie that she mistakes for a documentary. Fixating on a scene where stolen cash is buried in North Dakota, she travels to America to find it.
Filmmaker Alex Winter interviews the people behind the Deep Web and bitcoin.
The son of guitarist Tommy Tedesco pays tribute to his late father and a core group of studio musicians who played on some of the biggest hits of the 1960s and '70s, including "California Girls" and "Mrs. Robinson."
After her father unexpectedly dies, young Ella (Lily James) finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother (Cate Blanchett) and stepsisters, who reduce her to scullery maid. Despite her circumstances, she refuses to despair. An invitation to a palace ball gives Ella hope that she might reunite with the dashing stranger (Richard Madden) she met in the woods, but her stepmother prevents her from going. Help arrives in the form of a kindly beggar woman who has a magic touch for ordinary things.
Boxing legends Mike Tyson, Evander Holyfield and Bernard Hopkins discuss their common roots in poverty, the absence of meaningful regulation in their sport and how they succumbed to the perils of fame.
Filmmaker Alex Gibney interviews former members of the Church of Scientology and reveals abuses and strange practices within the controversial organization.
Pianist Seymour Bernstein, who gave up performing for teaching, discusses his passion for music and his philosophy of life.
Spin doctors spread misinformation and confusion among American citizens to delay progress on such important issues as global climate change.
A renowned authority on mind control encounters a formidable challenge when he is hired to deprogram a strong-willed cultist.
Stalwart owners of Jewish delicatessens face challenging times in the wake of skyrocketing rents, changing demographics and more.
As Earth approaches a cataclysm that will be its end, a self-obsessed man heads for the party-to-end-all-parties, but he ends up saving the life of a little girl who is searching for her father.
A hard-working teacher in a small Bulgarian town is driven to desperate measures to avoid financial ruin.
Many college students who have been raped on campus face retaliation and harassment as they fight for justice.
A middle-aged Frenchman solicits a younger foreigner and has no idea his life is going to change.
After shooting the man who murdered his wife, a Danish settler (Mads Mikkelsen) incurs the wrath of the man's brother (Jeffrey Dean Morgan), a ruthless land baron who rules their frontier town.
A young British soldier (Jack O'Connell) must find his way back to safety after his unit accidentally abandons him during a riot in the streets of Belfast.
Mexican pop star Gloria Trevi climbs to the top of the charts, but her world comes crashing down when she's caught up in her abusive manager's sex scandal.
Frumpy high-school senior Bianca (Mae Whitman) has a rude awakening when she learns that her classmates secretly know her as the DUFF -- designated ugly fat friend -- to her prettier and more popular pals. Desperate to reinvent herself, Bianca enlists the aid of Wesley (Robbie Amell), a charming jock. In order to save her senior year from becoming a complete disaster, Bianca must find the confidence to overthrow a judgmental student (Bella Thorne) and revolutionize the school's social order.
Track coach Jim White (Kevin Costner) is a newcomer to a predominantly Latino high-school in California's Central Valley. Coach White and his new students find that they have much to learn about one another, but things begin to change when White realizes the boys' exceptional running ability. More than just physical prowess drives the teens to succeed; their strong family ties, incredible work ethic and commitment to their team all play a factor in forging these novice runners into champions.
A waitress adds a special ingredient to an arrogant loan shark's meal in one of several tales dealing with extremes of human behavior.
Abigail journeys toward new understanding of how to balance the past and future, her parents with independence, and her disease with desires.
Vampire housemates (Jemaine Clement, Taika Waititi, Jonathan Brugh) try to cope with the complexities of modern life and show a newly turned hipster (Cori Gonzalez-Macuer) some of the perks of being undead.
An Israeli woman (Ronit Elkabetz) fights for three years to obtain a divorce from her devout husband (Simon Abkarian), who refuses to grant his permission to dissolve the marriage.
Gary "Eggsy" Unwin (Taron Egerton), whose late father secretly worked for a spy organization, lives in a South London housing estate and seems headed for a life behind bars. However, dapper agent Harry Hart (Colin Firth) recognizes potential in the youth and recruits him to be a trainee in the secret service. Meanwhile, villainous Richmond Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson) launches a diabolical plan to solve the problem of climate change via a worldwide killing spree.
Filmmaker Jody Lee Lipes follows emerging choreographer Justin Peck as he undertakes the difficult tasks of creating and dancing in the New York City Ballet's 422nd original piece.
Ricky, a 21-year-old transgender young woman living in Virginia, dreams of becoming a designer in New York.
The life of Matt Shepard and the people who remember him.
Marieme joins an all-girl gang in the projects of Paris and is slowly turned out of her shell by her three sassy neighbors. As she falls further under their bravado and volatile energy, she begins making brave and foolish choices.
In 1981 New York, a fuel supplier (Oscar Isaac) tries to adhere to his own moral compass amid the rampant violence, corruption and decay that threaten his family and his business.
A veteran tries to assimilate back into civilian life in a country he barely recognizes while trying to win the heart of an Iraqi immigrant.
Scientists are sent to the planet Arkanar to help a medieval civilization and rescue intellectuals.
A Malian cattleman (Ibrahim Ahmed) and his family face the wrath of Islamic fundamentalists after a tragic accident.
A psychotic executive triggers a journalist's dark side, and they begin to form a strange bond through the Internet.
JR, a teenage criminal, is locked up for a minor crime and forced to adapt to the harsh realities of prison life. Brendan Lynch, one of Australia's most notorious criminals, offers JR protection, but it comes with a price.
Two entomologists (Sidse Babett Knudsen, Chiara D'Anna) play ritual games of dominance and subservience.
Hockey captain Slava Fetisov and four other players form a nearly unbeatable unit known as the "Russian Five," but their coach's brutal regimen leads Fetisov and others to defect from the Soviet Union.
A peculiar neighbor (Suzanne Clément) offers hope to a recent widow (Anne Dorval) who is struggling to raise a teenager (Antoine-Olivier Pilon) who is unpredictable and, sometimes, violent.
U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle (Bradley Cooper) takes his sole mission -- protect his comrades -- to heart and becomes one of the most lethal snipers in American history. His pinpoint accuracy not only saves countless lives but also makes him a prime target of insurgents. Despite grave danger and his struggle to be a good husband and father to his family back in the States, Kyle serves four tours of duty in Iraq. However, when he finally returns home, he finds that he cannot leave the war behind.
After a deadly earthquake destroys his home in Peruvian rainforest, a young bear (Ben Whishaw) makes his way to England in search of a new home. The bear, dubbed "Paddington" for the london train station, finds shelter with the family of Henry (Hugh Bonneville) and Mary Brown (Sally Hawkins). Although Paddington's amazement at urban living soon endears him to the Browns, someone else has her eye on him: Taxidermist Millicent Clyde (Nicole Kidman) has designs on the rare bear and his hide.
A secretly bisexual Brooklynite (Desiree Akhavan) from a traditional Persian family struggles with her identity and the disintegration of her relationship with her girlfriend (Rebecca Henderson).
Dr. Alice Howland (Julianne Moore) is a renowned linguistics professor at Columbia University. When words begin to escape her and she starts becoming lost on her daily jogs, Alice must come face-to-face with a devastating diagnosis: early-onset Alzheimer's disease. As the once-vibrant woman struggles to hang on to her sense of self for as long as possible, Alice's three grown children must watch helplessly as their mother disappears more and more with each passing day.
A married couple's (Carla Gugino, Matthew Lillard) conversation with a renowned dance instructor (Patrick Stewart) about his experiences during the 1960s New York dance scene becomes increasingly personal.
The destinies of two families become irrevocably intertwined after a cyclist is forced off the road by a Jeep before Christmas.
A temporal agent (Ethan Hawke) embarks on a final time-traveling assignment to prevent an elusive criminal from launching an attack that kills thousands of people.
During the Chinese Civil War in 1946, a communist reconnaissance soldier disguises himself as a bandit to infiltrate and destroy the gang.
In the late 1950s and early '60s, artist Walter Keane (Christoph Waltz) achieves unbelievable fame and success with portraits of saucer-eyed waifs. However, no one realizes that his wife, Margaret (Amy Adams), is the real painter behind the brush. Although Margaret is horrified to learn that Walter is passing off her work as his own, she is too meek to protest too loudly. It isn't until the Keanes' marriage comes to an end and a lawsuit follows that the truth finally comes to light.
Although the Civil Rights Act of 1964 legally desegregated the South, discrimination was still rampant in certain areas, making it very difficult for blacks to register to vote. In 1965, an Alabama city became the battleground in the fight for suffrage. Despite violent opposition, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. (David Oyelowo) and his followers pressed forward on an epic march from Selma to Montgomery, and their efforts culminated in President Lyndon Johnson signing the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
A Russian fisherman (Alexey Serebryakov) fights back when a corrupt mayor tries to seize possession of his ancestral home.
A factory worker (Marion Cotillard) has just one weekend to convince her colleagues to give up their bonuses so that she can keep her job.
Aydin, his wife and his recently divorced sister spend the winter in their hotel.
An Irish youth (David Rawle) discovers that his mute sister is a selkie who must find her voice and free supernatural creatures from the spell of a Celtic goddess (Fionnula Flanagan).
Though he began in stand-up comedy, Andre Allen (Chris Rock) hit the big-time as the star of a trilogy of action-comedies about a talking bear. Andre is forced to spend the day with Chelsea (Rosario Dawson) a profile writer for the New York Times, whose film critic has just panned Andre's passion project about the Haitian Revolution. Unexpectedly, Andre opens up to Chelsea, and as they wind their way across New York, Andre tries to get back in touch with his comedic roots.
Filmmaker Mitchell Kezin explores unusual and underappreciated alternatives to traditional Christmas tunes with hip-hop legend Joseph "Rev Run" Simmons, filmmaker John Waters, DJ/musicologist Dr. Demento, and others.
Daring moments take place in a struggle for liberation from colonial rule.
Female Israeli soldiers are posted to a remote desert base and spend their time pushing paper until they can return to civilian life.
Driven to the edge by the loss of her beloved mother (Laura Dern), the dissolution of her marriage and a headlong dive into self-destructive behavior, Cheryl Strayed (Reese Witherspoon) makes a decision to halt her downward spiral and put her life back together again. With no outdoors experience, a heavy backpack and little else to go on but her own will, Cheryl sets out alone to hike the Pacific Crest Trail -- one of the country's longest and toughest through-trails.
Two scientists struggle to create eternal youth as they battle old age and the loss of loved ones.
In 1939, newly created British intelligence agency MI6 recruits Cambridge mathematics alumnus Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to crack Nazi codes, including Enigma -- which cryptanalysts had thought unbreakable. Turing's team, including Joan Clarke (Keira Knightley), analyze Enigma messages while he builds a machine to decipher them. Turing and team finally succeed and become heroes, but in 1952, the quiet genius encounters disgrace when authorities reveal he is gay and send him to prison.
Explorers spend a year in the southern-most continent.
A troubled widow (Essie Davis) discovers that her son is telling the truth about a monster that entered their home through the pages of a children's book.
Filmmaker Mami Sunada follows Hayao Miyazaki, Toshio Suzuki and Isao Takahata over the course of a year as Studio Ghibli prepares to release two films.
Plucky penguins Skipper (Tom McGrath), Kowalski (Chris Miller), Rico (Conrad Vernon) and Private (Christopher Knights) -- the most elite spies ever hatched -- join forces with a chic undercover organization known as the North Wind. Led by highly trained, handsome and arrogant Agent Classified (Benedict Cumberbatch), this special inter-species task force must stop a many-tentacled villain, Dr. Octavius Brine (John Malkovich), from destroying the world.
Farmworkers in Immokalee, Fla., launch a hunger strike at the headquarters of Publix supermarkets to protest poor wages and working conditions.
A first-time drug mule tries desperately to prevent his body from giving up its lethal cargo after Australian authorities take him into custody.
Nicky Vreeland, son of Vogue editor Diana Vreeland, gave up photography to become a Buddhist monk. Years later, he picked up his camera again to earn money to rebuild his monastery.
Following her rescue from the devastating Quarter Quell, Katniss (Jennifer Lawrence) awakes in the complex beneath the supposedly destroyed District 13. Her home, District 12, has been reduced to rubble, and Peeta Mellark (Josh Hutcherson) is now the brainwashed captive of President Snow (Donald Sutherland). At the same time, Katniss also learns about a secret rebellion spreading throughout all of Panem -- a rebellion that will place her at the center of a plot to turn the tables on Snow.
Residents of a worn-down Iranian city encounter a skateboarding vampire (Sheila Vand) who preys on men who disrespect women.
In 2011, longtime Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky is charged with multiple counts of child sex abuse, rocking the small town of State College, Pa.
In June 2009, BBC journalist Maziar Bahari, an Iranian-born Canadian citizen, returned to his native country to interview Mir-Hossein Moussavi, the prime challenger to incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. When Moussavi's supporters protested Ahmadinejad's declaration of victory, Bahari smuggled footage of the riots to the BBC. He was soon arrested by the Revolutionary Guard and -- led by a man known only as "Rosewater" -- was interrogated and tortured for 118 days.
In 1950s Zurich, a shy teacher (Matthias Hungerbühler) joins a gay organization and falls in love with a female impersonator (Sven Schelker).
The former lead singer of a popular Serbian band drives a taxicab in New York City to make money to pay for a recoding session.
Though she's been groomed for stardom all her life by an overbearing mother (Minnie Driver), singer Noni (Gugu Mbatha-Raw) is having trouble dealing with her success. Feeling unable to cope any longer, Noni tries to kill herself, but luckily Kaz (Nate Parker), the police officer assigned to be her bodyguard, thwarts her suicide attempt. Noni and Kaz feel an instant attraction, but those in their orbit oppose the romance for fear the pair will stray from the course planned out for both of them.
When wealthy John du Pont (Steve Carell) invites Olympic wrestler Mark Schultz (Channing Tatum) to move to his estate and help form a wrestling team for the 1988 Olympics, Mark sees a way to step out of the shadow of his charismatic brother, Dave (Mark Ruffalo). However, du Pont begins to lead Mark down a dark road, causing the athlete's self-esteem to slip. Meanwhile, du Pont becomes fixated on bringing Dave into the fold, eventually propelling all three toward an unforeseen tragedy.
After the death of his parents, a young man struggles for closure.
In the 1960s, Cambridge University student and future physicist Stephen Hawking (Eddie Redmayne) falls in love with fellow collegian Jane Wilde (Felicity Jones). At 21, Hawking learns that he has motor neuron disease. Despite this -- and with Jane at his side -- he begins an ambitious study of time, of which he has very little left, according to his doctor. He and Jane defy terrible odds and break new ground in the fields of medicine and science, achieving more than either could hope to imagine.
In Japan, gonzo filmmakers hatch a three-pronged plan to save an actress's career, end a yakuza war and make a hit movie.
A blind teenager's life and world is changed with the arrival of Gabriel.
The untold story of apartheid's fall in South Africa and the mysterious French businessman who helped secure Nelson Mandela's release from jail.
Robotics prodigy Hiro (Ryan Potter) lives in the city of San Fransokyo. Next to his older brother, Tadashi, Hiro's closest companion is Baymax (Scott Adsit), a robot whose sole purpose is to take care of people. When a devastating turn of events throws Hiro into the middle of a dangerous plot, he transforms Baymax and his other friends, Go Go Tamago (Jamie Chung), Wasabi (Damon Wayans Jr.), Honey Lemon (Genesis Rodriguez) and Fred (T.J. Miller) into a band of high-tech heroes.
Frankie (Amy Seimetz) and Lev (Bret Roberts), two radically different people, are somehow meant for each other and start a relationship.
In Earth's future, a global crop blight and second Dust Bowl are slowly rendering the planet uninhabitable. Professor Brand (Michael Caine), a brilliant NASA physicist, is working on plans to save mankind by transporting Earth's population to a new home via a wormhole. But first, Brand must send former NASA pilot Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) and a team of researchers through the wormhole and across the galaxy to find out which of three planets could be mankind's new home.
Filmmaker Judy Irving follows a California brown pelican from her capture on the Golden Gate Bridge to a wildlife rehabilitation facility.
Los Angeles denizen Louis Bloom (Jake Gyllenhaal) survives by scavenging and petty theft. He stumbles into a new career as a cameraman and -- armed with a camcorder and police scanner -- begins nocturnal forays across the city in search of shocking and grisly crimes. When he catches the eye of a shopworn news director (Rene Russo) who welcomes the chance to raise her station's ratings, Louis goes to increasingly greater lengths to catch the "money shot."
Filmmaker Des Doyle explores the world of US television show runners and the creative forces they employ.
Matthew Vandyke leaves his home in Baltimore to help rebels in Libya overthrow dictator Muammar Gaddafi. With a gun in one hand and a video camera in the other, Matthew records the struggle for political freedom and personal transformation.
The life and work of Al Carbee, an 80-year-old eccentric who spends his days photographing Barbie dolls.
Maggie (Melissa McCarthy), a struggling single woman, moves to Brooklyn with her 12-year-old son, Oliver (Jaeden Lieberher). Having to work very long hours, she has no choice but to leave Oliver in the care of Vincent (Bill Murray), a bawdy misanthrope next door. Vincent takes Oliver along on his trips to the race track, strip club and dive bar, and an unlikely friendship is born. The man is a mentor to the boy in his hedonistic way, and Oliver sees the good in Vincent that no one else can.
A war-zone photojournalist's (Juliette Binoche) dedication to her dangerous job places her at odds with her family (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Lauryn Canny).
A man's selfish reaction to the danger posed by an avalanche causes cracks in his marriage and relationships with his children.
Legendary assassin John Wick (Keanu Reeves) retired from his violent career after marrying the love of his life. Her sudden death leaves John in deep mourning. When sadistic mobster Iosef Tarasov (Alfie Allen) and his thugs steal John's prized car and kill the puppy that was a last gift from his wife, John unleashes the remorseless killing machine within and seeks vengeance. Meanwhile, Iosef's father (Michael Nyqvist) -- John's former colleague -- puts a huge bounty on John's head.
Musician Glen Campbell starts a farewell tour after he is diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, and he and his family navigate the unpredictable nature of the disease through love, laughter and music.
After Laura Poitras received encrypted emails from someone with information on the government's massive covert-surveillance programs, she and reporter Glenn Greenwald flew to Hong Kong to meet the sender, who turned out to be Edward Snowden.
In April 1945, the Allies are making their final push in the European theater. A battle-hardened Army sergeant named Don "Wardaddy" Collier (Brad Pitt), leading a Sherman tank and a five-man crew, undertakes a deadly mission behind enemy lines. Hopelessly outnumbered, outgunned and saddled with an inexperienced soldier (Logan Lerman) in their midst, Wardaddy and his men face overwhelming odds as they move to strike at the heart of Nazi Germany.
A middle-aged woman (Maggie Baird) rediscovers the passion she had for music during her youth and uses it to connect with her troubled teenage son (Finneas O'Connell), who soon discovers his own musical gifts.
A would-be thief (Morgana O'Reilly) is remanded to the custody of her estranged mother (Rima Te Wiata), who turns out to be correct in her assertion that evil spirits are afoot in their family domicile.
Former cinema superhero Riggan Thomson (Michael Keaton) is mounting an ambitious Broadway production that he hopes will breathe new life into his stagnant career. It's risky, but he hopes that his creative gamble will prove that he's a real artist and not just a washed-up movie star. As opening night approaches, a castmate is injured, forcing Riggan to hire an actor (Edward Norton) who is guaranteed to shake things up. Meanwhile, Riggan must deal with his girlfriend, daughter and ex-wife.
After a grieving father finds a box of demo tapes made by his now-dead son, he forms a band in hope of finding some peace.
A female guard (Kristen Stewart) at Guantanamo Bay forms an unlikely friendship with one of the facility's longtime detainees.
A campus culture war between blacks and whites at a predominantly white school comes to a head when the staff of a humor magazine stages an offensive Halloween party.
In the Mexican town of San Angel, Manolo (Diego Luna), Maria (Zoë Saldana) and Joaquin (Channing Tatum) have been friends ever since childhood. Although their lives have taken different paths -- Maria was sent to Europe, Joaquin joined the military, and Manolo studied to become a bullfighter -- one thing remains the same: Manolo and Joaquin both want to marry Maria. Little does the trio know that battling husband-and-wife deities have made a high-stakes wager on the love triangle's outcome.
In 1945, Raoul Nordling, the Swedish consul-general in Paris, meets with Dietrich von Cholitz, the German military governor of occupied Paris, to convince him not to destroy historical landmarks across the city.
For one month, the artist Banksy reveals his works on the streets of New York.
Journalist Gary Webb (Jeremy Renner) happens upon a story that not only leads to the origins of America's crack epidemic but also alleges that the CIA was well-aware of the dealers who were smuggling cocaine into the U.S. and using the profits to arm Nicaraguan rebels. Despite warnings to halt his investigation, Webb keeps digging and uncovers a conspiracy with explosive implications. As a result of his findings, Webb's career, family and life come under threat.
A pastor sparks a controversy in his North Dakota town by opening his church doors to homeless workers who are seeking jobs at nearby oil fields.
Martin mistakenly thinks things could not get worse after he kills his girlfriend with an ax, cuts off his arm with a chainsaw, and watches his friends be devoured by Nazi zombies.
With his quest for enlightenment and sharing his struggles along the path, Hindu mystic Paramahansa Yogananda made ancient teachings accessible to a modern audience.
Filmmaker Lacey Schwartz thinks her dark skin and hair are from a Sicilian ancestor. When she uncovers the lie that haunted her parent's marriage, she begins a journey to reconcile her past as she embraces her African-American heritage.
Andrew Neiman (Miles Teller) is an ambitious young jazz drummer, in pursuit of rising to the top of his elite music conservatory. Terence Fletcher (J.K. Simmons), an instructor known for his terrifying teaching methods, discovers Andrew and transfers the aspiring drummer into the top jazz ensemble, forever changing the young man's life. But Andrew's passion to achieve perfection quickly spirals into obsession, as his ruthless teacher pushes him to the brink of his ability and his sanity.
Two conventional Harvard professors began probing the edges of consciousness in the '60s. Timothy Leary ended up in jail, while Richard Alpert became Ram Dass, a spiritual teacher.
A computer programmer's active interest in Bitcoin helps illustrate the social and political impact of the world's first global and open-source digital currency.
Filmmaker Neil Berkeley documents life on the road with sitcom writer/podcaster Dan Harmon ("Community") during a 20-city tour.
Aaron is the lone survivor of a bizarre fishing accident and is blamed by his Scottish community for the tragedy. He stubbornly refuses to believe the other men are dead and sets out to find them.
In Carthage, Mo., former New York-based writer Nick Dunne (Ben Affleck) and his glamorous wife Amy (Rosamund Pike) present a portrait of a blissful marriage to the public. However, when Amy goes missing on the couple's fifth wedding anniversary, Nick becomes the prime suspect in her disappearance. The resulting police pressure and media frenzy cause the Dunnes' image of a happy union to crumble, leading to tantalizing questions about who Nick and Amy truly are.
After their village is destroyed and their parents killed by Northern militia, Sudanese orphans Theo, his siblings and other survivors make a difficult journey to a refugee camp in Kenya. Thirteen years later, the group gets the chance to settle in the U.S. They are met in Kansas by Carrie Davis (Reese Witherspoon), who has been charged with finding them jobs. However, seeing how adrift they are in 20th-century America, Carrie endeavors to help them in rebuilding their shattered lives.
Rapper Nas recalls his youth in his city's housing projects, his parents' influence and the recording of his 1994 debut album, "Illmatic."
Personal style and a vital spirit guides the lives of seven New Yorkers as they age.
In London, a Cambodian mother mourns her son as she struggles to connect with someone.
Eggs (Isaac Hempstead-Wright), an orphan, lives with the Boxtrolls -- a community of quirky, mischievous creatures who inhabit a cavern beneath the city of Cheesebridge. When villainous Archibald Snatcher (Ben Kingsley) hatches a plan to get rid of the pretty harmless beings, Eggs decides to go above ground, where he meets and befriends feisty Winnifred (Elle Fanning). Together, Eggs and Winnifred devise a daring plan to save the Boxtrolls from extermination.
Realizing that they share common foes in Margaret Thatcher, the police and the conservative press, London-based gays and lesbians lend their support to striking coal miners in 1984 Wales.
A man (Orlando Seale) with a timepiece for a heart ignores warnings that he must never fall in love after he spies a beautiful singer (Samantha Barks).
Thomas (Dylan O'Brien), a teenager, arrives in a glade at the center of a giant labyrinth. Like the other youths dumped there before him, he has no memory of his previous life. Thomas quickly becomes part of the group and soon after demonstrates a unique perspective that scores him a promotion to Runner status -- those who patrol the always-changing maze to find an escape route. Together with Teresa (Kaya Scodelario), the only female, Thomas tries to convince his cohorts that he knows a way out.
A decorated U.S. Army medic returns from Afghanistan and struggles to rebuild a relationship with her young son.
Mark Landis uses his incredible forgery skills to duplicate masterpieces of art and donate them to assorted museums and galleries.
Legendary jazz musician Clark Terry, who taught Quincy Jones and mentored Miles Davis, becomes the mentor of a blind 23-year-old pianist who suffers from crippling stage fright.
Chris Strachwitz of Arhoolie Records collects examples of American's musical roots, accumulating an unparalleled catalog of blues, Cajun, Tex-Mex and other genres.
The history and traditions of flamenco music and dance.
A therapist's questions and a visit to a voluminous archive propel a dramatization of a day in the life of musician and cultural icon Nick Cave.
A string of mysterious deaths leads a teenager to become suspicious of a soldier (Dan Stevens) who showed up on her family's doorstep and claimed to be a friend of her dead brother.
Several years have passed since Sawyer Nelson (Nathan Gamble) and the team at Clearwater Marine Hospital gave Winter the dolphin a prosthetic tail, thereby saving her life. Now however, a new crisis has arisen. Winter's elderly surrogate mother, Panama, has died, which leaves Winter without a pool mate. According to USDA regulations, dolphins cannot be housed alone; unless a new companion can be found quickly, Clearwater will lose Winter to another aquarium.
Music legends from Stax records and Memphis mentor and pass on their musical knowledge to contemporary artists.
Following many years of estrangement, twins Milo (Bill Hader) and Maggie (Kristen Wiig) have an unexpected reunion after a set of near-tragedies. The situation forces them to confront how their lives became so broken. For Maggie, it means examining why she's so unhappy in a marriage to a loving husband. For Milo, it means meeting with his first love to see if their romance can reignite. Eventually, they learn that living truthfully and accepting each other is the only way to move forward.
Bob Saginowski (Tom Hardy) tends bar in his cousin's pub and looks the other way when local mobsters use the joint as a temporary bank. His simple life takes a complicated turn when he finds a battered puppy. He asks his neighbor, Nadia (Noomi Rapace), for help nursing it back to health, and a mutual attraction sparks between them. However, a robbery at the bar and the return of Nadia's abusive ex force Bob to face the truth about those he thinks he knows best -- including himself.
After his arrest, Mosab Hassan Yousef, the son of a founder of Hamas, becomes an informant for the Israeli secret service.
The STREB Extreme Action Company pushes their performances from the ground to the air.
Baseball pitcher Dock Ellis had a controversial life and career, once pitching a no-hitter while high on LSD.
The long-term impact of tourism on cultures, economies and the environment.
In the final weeks of the Vietnam War, American servicemen and others begin the difficult mission of evacuating as many friends, family members and South Vietnamese collaborators as possible before Saigon falls to the North Vietnamese.
A militia group turns against its unjust rulers.
Patema and Age leave their community's tunnels to find out why gravity was reversed by an energy experiment.
Twin brothers, who were sent to live with their abusive grandmother during World War II, learn how to manipulate people.
Filmmaker Thomas Allen Harris examines how photography has affected the lives of black Americans.
An explosive teenager runs into his equally violent father after being switched to an adult prison from a facility for juveniles.
A couple (Mark Duplass, Elisabeth Moss) whose marriage is crumbling have a surreal experience during a weekend getaway at a house recommended by their therapist (Ted Danson).
Together with his husband Brad, actor-activist George Takei parlays his remarkable acting career and wicked sense of humor into a new role as beloved pop-culture icon and Internet phenomenon.
A recently married gay couple (John Lithgow, Alfred Molina) are forced to move into separate households after they lose their home.
Virgil wakes up in a ditch and begins a series of inebriated encounters with the mysterious Airplane Man.
A man searching for a final resting place becomes involved with the burgeoning green burial movement.
Two years after the discovery of "Sue," the largest and most complete Tyrannosaurus Rex skeleton found to date, government officials seize the remains and claim that "Sue" was stolen from federal land.
An aspiring musician (Domhnall Gleeson) finds himself way out of his element after he joins a pop group led by an enigmatic figure (Michael Fassbender) who wears a giant fake head.
Tragic events send a teenage boy to a juvenile reform facility in the wilderness with a retired war colonel in charge.
A documentary about John Wojtowicz shows the man who tried to rob a Brooklyn bank to pay for his male lover's sex-reassignment surgery, a robbery that prompted the film "Dog Day Afternoon."
Hassan Kadam (Manish Dayal) is an extraordinarily talented and largely self-taught culinary novice. When he and his family are displaced from their native India and settle in a quaint French village, they decide to open an Indian eatery. However, Madame Mallory (Helen Mirren), the proprietress of an acclaimed restaurant just 100 feet away, strongly objects. War erupts between the two establishments, until Mallory recognizes Kadam's impressive epicurean gifts and takes him under her wing.
A medical-school dropout (Daniel Radcliffe) tries to hide his attraction to his new friend (Zoe Kazan), a bubbly artist who already has a boyfriend.
Birus, the god of destruction, awakes from his long slumber itching for a fight with a Saiyan god.
An honest and good-hearted priest (Brendan Gleeson) wrestles with a cynical, spiteful community after he receives a death threat from an unknown parishioner.
The turbulent lives of three boys living in a poor Midwestern town, and the fragile bonds that sustain them.
James Brown (Chadwick Boseman) was born in extreme poverty in 1933 South Carolina and survived abandonment, abuse and jail to become one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century. He joined a gospel group as a teenager, but the jazz and blues along the "chitlin' circuit" became his springboard to fame. Although his backup musicians came and went, Brown retained the ability to mesmerize audiences with his music, signature moves and sexual energy.
Brash space adventurer Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) finds himself the quarry of relentless bounty hunters after he steals an orb coveted by Ronan, a powerful villain. To evade Ronan, Quill is forced into an uneasy truce with four disparate misfits: gun-toting Rocket Raccoon, treelike-humanoid Groot, enigmatic Gamora, and vengeance-driven Drax the Destroyer. But when he discovers the orb's true power and the cosmic threat it poses, Quill must rally his ragtag group to save the universe.
Working from the viewpoint of the accused, filmmaker Dan Krauss examines reports of terrible war crimes committed by a U.S. Army platoon in Afghanistan.
An escaped militant's (Grigoriy Dobrygin) attempt to claim an inheritance gives a German agent (Philip Seymour Hoffman) the chance to lay a trap for a well-regarded Muslim scholar who is suspected of financing terrorists.
Momo is recovering from her father's death and her mother's decision to move their family from Tokyo to a remote island when she discovers a message from her father that causes strange events to occur.
Social worker Dan Cohen, through his nonprofit organization Music and Memory, advocates for the use of music therapy for dementia patients.
The joys and pitfalls of growing up are seen through the eyes of a child named Mason (Ellar Coltrane), his parents (Patricia Arquette, Ethan Hawke) and his sister (Lorelei Linklater). Vignettes, filmed with the same cast over the course of 12 years, capture family meals, road trips, birthday parties, graduations and other important milestones. Songs from Coldplay, Arcade Fire and other artists capture the time period. Directed by Richard Linklater.
Ten years after simian flu wiped out much of the world's homosapiens, genetically enhanced chimpanzee Caesar (Andy Serkis) and his ever-growing band of followers have established a thriving colony just outside San Francisco in Muir Woods. Meanwhile, a small band of human survivors emerges, which forces Caesar -- as leader -- to grapple with the dual challenge of protecting his people and re-establishing a relationship with the remaining human population -- the latter being Caesar's secret wish.
Filmmaker Brent Hodge gives an inside view of the "My Little Pony" fan world.
Edmund Hillary successfully ascends Mount Everest in 1953.
Filmmaker Steve James chronicles the life of film critic Roger Ebert, especially his career highlights, his battle with alcohol, and his sometimes ruthless rivalry with fellow critic Gene Siskel.
A young woman who has Williams syndrome possesses amazing musical talents but struggles continually to gain her independence.
A pious teen (Julius Feldmeier) endures torture at the hands of a sadistic couple (Sascha Alexander Gersak, Annika Kuhl) because he thinks God is testing him.
Gretta (Keira Knightley) and her songwriting partner/lover Dave (Adam Levine) head for New York when he lands a record deal with a major label. However, Gretta is suddenly left on her own when Dave gives in to the temptations that come with his newfound success. Things take a turn for the better for her when Dan (Mark Ruffalo), a disgraced record executive, discovers Gretta performing in a club. A mutually life-changing bond forms between the pair as they work together on Gretta's first album.
Filmmaker Brian Knappenberger explores the life and work of programming prodigy and information activist Aaron Swartz.
A post-apocalyptic ice age forces humanity's last survivors aboard a globe-spanning supertrain. One man (Chris Evans) will risk everything to lead a revolt for control of the engine and the future of the world.
In 1966, Antonio, a high school teacher in Spain, drives to Almeria to meet John Lennon and helps two runaways.
Filmmaker Joe Berlinger examines the story of South Boston crime boss Whitey Bulger, including his sensational trial. Key players on every side reveal Bulger's influence on crime and law enforcement.
A man from Delhi travels across India to search for his missing son and hopes that whoever took him returns him unharmed.
Eight friends at a dinner party experience a troubling chain of events due to the malevolent influence of a passing comet.
Resident physician Ryan McGarry provides a close-up look at the inner workings of the treatment of trauma patients at one of America's busiest emergency rooms.
An innocent man (Archie Alemania) goes to prison for murder while the real killer (Sid Lucero) goes free.
An enigmatic actress (Emmanuelle Seigner) may have a hidden agenda when she auditions for a part in a misogynistic writer's (Mathieu Amalric) play.
Before beginning a new job, Gaspard (Melvil Poupaud) goes to a beach town to relax for a few weeks. He waits for Lena (Aurelia Nolin), a girl he has been casually dating for some time. When she does not arrive, he strikes up a friendship with waitress Margot (Amanda Langlet). Through her, Gaspard also meets Solene (Gwenaëlle Simon), a free spirit open to a physical relationship if he agrees to be faithful. As Gaspard spends time with each, he finds his feelings even further conflicted.
The American working class experience is viewed through a town's annual snowmobile race.
Although they made their way through high school successfully, an investigation at a local college brings big changes for undercover officers Jenko (Channing Tatum) and Schmidt (Jonah Hill). When Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art-major scene, both men begin to question their partnership. Not only do they have to crack the case, but now the two overgrown adolescents must learn how to behave like adults.
Five years have passed since Hiccup and Toothless united the dragons and Vikings of Berk. Now, they spend their time charting the island's unmapped territories. During one of their adventures, the pair discover a secret cave that houses hundreds of wild dragons -- and a mysterious dragon rider who turns out to be Hiccup's long-lost mother, Valka (Cate Blanchett). Hiccup and Toothless then find themselves at the center of a battle to protect Berk from a power-hungry warrior named Drago.
Jewel thieves flee into the Basque forests and are captured by a coven of witches.
A pregnant woman disrupts the lives of her alcoholic mother and vulgar lesbian sister during a nervous breakdown.
Filmmaker and editor Phillip Andrew Morton examines economic oppression in the suburb of Spanish Lake, Mo.
A fateful day pushes an aimless college dropout (Tom Schilling) to stop wasting his time and finally engage with life.
As tuition spirals upward and student debt passes a trillion dollars, students and parents begin to wonder if college is worth the expense.
Martha (Lisa Owen), a single mother of four children, lets Claudia (Ximena Ayala) move into her home. As Claudia bonds with the family, Martha's health slowly deteriorates.
The life and work of French novelist Violette Leduc.
Two Iranian agents go to extreme lengths to find a banned manuscript that details their government's failed attempt to murder 21 writers.
Forced together by a zombie apocalypse, two former baseball players (Jeremy Gardner, Adam Cronheim) find their relationship becoming strained as they struggle to survive each day.
A group of people from the city arrive in a little village with a different kind of mission. They pretend to be communications engineers, but they are waiting the death of woman who is over 100. The leader of the group and a young boy from the village become friends. It also explores cultural differences between a man from the city and from a village.
Hazel Grace Lancaster (Shailene Woodley), a 16-year-old cancer patient, meets and falls in love with Gus Waters (Ansel Elgort), a similarly afflicted teen from her cancer support group. Hazel feels that Gus really understands her. They both share the same acerbic wit and a love of books, especially Grace's touchstone, "An Imperial Affliction" by Peter Van Houten. When Gus scores an invitation to meet the reclusive author, he and Hazel embark on the adventure of their brief lives.
Actor Michael Douglas, rocker Alice Cooper, chef Emeril Lagasse and others pay tribute to Shep Gordon, the Hollywood insider who spent his life making other people famous.
In the embattled border state of Manipur in northeast India, people defy civil war, drugs and disease by playing baseball.
An immature, newly unemployed comic (Jenny Slate) must navigate the murky waters of adulthood after her fling with a graduate student (Jake Lacy) results in an unplanned pregnancy.
A vagrant turns the lives of arrogant upper-class people to a psychological nightmare.
When Earth falls under attack from invincible aliens, no military unit in the world is able to beat them. Maj. William Cage (Tom Cruise), an officer who has never seen combat, is assigned to a suicide mission. Killed within moments, Cage finds himself thrown into a time loop, in which he relives the same brutal fight -- and his death -- over and over again. However, Cage's fighting skills improve with each encore, bringing him and a comrade (Emily Blunt) ever closer to defeating the aliens.
A cross-dressing loner, the flamboyant owner of a gay bar and a gay-rights activist have different approaches to living out their retirement years.
Filmmaker Sebastian Junger embeds with a unit in Afghanistan to examine what war feels like and what it does to soldiers.
A drug-addled, manipulative misanthrope (James McAvoy) begins to experience increasingly severe hallucinations as he tries to solve the murder of a Japanese student.
Three rebellious teenagers (Mira Barkhammar, Mira Grosin, Liv LeMoyne) form an all-girl punk band in 1980s Stockholm.
Journalists Mike and Carlos Boettcher follow U.S. troops during nine harrowing days of combat in Afghanistan.
An awkward waiter (Daniel Brühl) finds a manuscript and claims it as his own work, but complications arise when the true author (Henry Hübchen) appears.
Filmmaker Nicholas Wrathall examines the life and career of the late author with numerous TV clips and interviews with Vidal's contemporaries, such as journalist Robert Scheer.
The killing of a home intruder puts a Texas man (Michael C. Hall) and his family on the radar of the dead man's vengeful father (Sam Shepard).
Convinced that mutants pose a threat to humanity, Dr. Bolivar Trask (Peter Dinklage) develops the Sentinels, enormous robotic weapons that can detect a mutant gene and zero in on that person. In the 21st century, the Sentinels have evolved into highly efficient killing machines. With mutants now facing extinction, Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) volunteers to go back in time and rally the X-Men of the past to help change a pivotal moment in history and thereby save their future.
The life and music of BB King.
A 40-year-old divorced father of two cannot cope with his children moving to New York with their mother, so he moves there to be close to them.
After her sister is quarantined at Ellis Island, a Polish nurse (Marion Cotillard) is forced into prostitution by a theater manager (Joaquin Phoenix) who moonlights as a pimp.
In 2011, activist and conceptual artist Ai Weiwei is kidnapped and imprisoned by Chinese authorities. Following his release, he faces a lawsuit filed by the Chinese government.
Ford Brody (Aaron Taylor-Johnson), a Navy bomb expert, has just reunited with his family in San Francisco when he is forced to go to Japan to help his estranged father, Joe (Bryan Cranston). Soon, both men are swept up in an escalating crisis when Godzilla, King of the Monsters, arises from the sea to combat malevolent adversaries that threaten the survival of humanity. The creatures leave colossal destruction in their wake, as they make their way toward their final battleground: San Francisco.
In a last-ditch effort to save his career, sports agent J.B. Bernstein (Jon Hamm) plans to find baseball's next star pitcher. He heads to India to find a cricket player whom he can nurture into a major league star. With the help of a scout (Alan Arkin), J.B. finds teens Dinesh (Madhur Mittal) and Rinku (Suraj Sharma), who haven't a clue about baseball but throw powerful pitches. As the boys adjust to American life, J.B. learns valuable lessons about teamwork and family.
After a stint in prison, a young man (Abdelilah Rachid) becomes a violent Islamic fundamentalist and recruits his younger brother (Abdelhakim Rachi) and the youth's best friend (Hamza Souidek) to his cause.
New parents Mac (Seth Rogen) and Kelly (Rose Byrne) move to the suburbs when they welcome an infant daughter into their lives. All goes well with the couple, until the Delta Psi Beta fraternity moves in next door. Mac and Kelly don't want to seem uncool, and they try their best to get along with frat president Teddy (Zac Efron) and the rest of the guys. However, when the couple finally call the cops during a particularly raucous frat party, a full-scale war erupts.
After a controlling owner (Dustin Hoffman) pushes him too far, chef Carl Casper (Jon Favreau) quits his position at a prestigious Los Angeles restaurant. As he tries to figure out what his next step should be, he finds himself in Miami. Carl joins forces with his ex-wife (Sofía Vergara), best friend (John Alberto Leguizamo) and son (Emjay Anthony) to launch a food-truck business, and the venture provides a chance to reignite his passion for cooking -- as well as his zest for life and love.
Filmmaker Stephanie Soechtig and journalist Katie Couric investigate how the American food industry may be responsible for more sickness than previously realized.
Two teenage friends take different paths to realize their dreams in the big city.
The illegitimate, mixed-race daughter (Gugu Mbatha-Raw) of a British admiral plays an important role in the campaign to abolish slavery in England.
In 1962, Anna is about to take vows as a nun when she learns from her only relative that she is Jewish. Both women embark on a journey to discover their family story and where they belong.
Isabelle (Marine Vacth), a 17-year-old student, loses her virginity during a quick holiday romance. When she returns home, she begins a secret life as a prostitute for a year.
An ominous piece of news sends a drifter (Macon Blair) back to his hometown to exact brutal -- and inept -- revenge for the deaths of his parents.
The attempt to identify human remains found in Arizona's Sonora Desert underscores the plight of illegal immigrants attempting to enter the United States.
Dutch coach Thomas Rongen attempts the nearly impossible task of turning the American Samoa soccer team from perennial losers into winners.
An Argentine family unknowingly lives with Josef Mengele, and a young woman falls in love with him.
A man's (Tom Hardy) life unravels after he leaves a construction site at a critical time and drives to London to be present for the birth of a child conceived during a one-night stand.
Filmmakers Alastair Fothergill and Keith Scholey chronicle a year in the lives of an Alaskan brown bear named Sky and her cubs, Scout and Amber. Their saga begins as the bears emerge from hibernation at the end of winter. As time passes, the bear family must work together to find food and stay safe from other predators, especially other bears. Although their world is exciting, it is also risky, and the cubs' survival hinges on family togetherness.
High above Nepal, cable cars transport visitors to an ancient Hindu temple, the site of a shrine to the wish-fulfilling goddess Manakamana.
The curator of the world's only penis museum tries to complete his collection by locating a human donor.
A high school dropout and his 27-year-old friend smuggle marijuana across the Canadian border to make money.
Renowned ballroom dancer Pierre Dulaine returns to his native Israel and promotes harmony by teaching dance to three ethnically mixed groups of children.
The rough-hewn boss (Nicolas Cage) of a lumber crew courts trouble when he steps in to protect the youngest member (Tye Sheridan) of his team from an abusive father.
Artistic, sophisticated and centuries old, two vampire lovers (Tilda Swinton, Tom Hiddleston) ponder their ultimate place in modern society.
Eric Lomax (Colin Firth), a former British army officer and POW, discovers that the Japanese interpreter who tortured him is still alive. He and his new wife (Nicole Kidman) set out to confront the man who caused him so much pain.
Radio host Alan Partridge (Steve Coogan) gets a chance to boost his sagging career by serving as a liaison between police and his former co-host (Colm Meaney), who has taken hostages at their radio station.
After the cataclysmic events in New York with his fellow Avengers, Steve Rogers, aka Captain America (Chris Evans), lives in the nation's capital as he tries to adjust to modern times. An attack on a S.H.I.E.L.D. colleague throws Rogers into a web of intrigue that places the whole world at risk. Joining forces with the Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and a new ally, the Falcon, Rogers struggles to expose an ever-widening conspiracy, but he and his team soon come up against an unexpected enemy.
Millions of years ago, lemurs arrived as castaways on the island of Madagascar. Today, Dr. Patricia C. Wright is on a mission to ensure that these strange and endangered creatures survive in the modern world.
A hardworking mother (Yann Yann Yeo) becomes jealous of her rambunctious son's (Koh Jia Ler) close bond with his nanny (Angela Bayani).
Dr. Fredrich Ritter and his lover Dore Strauch have their idyllic lives on an island invaded by a baroness and her two young lovers.
During the Civil War, a boy (Ashton Sanders), who has been sent to lure a freedman (Tishuan Scott) back to the South, forms an unexpected bond with the man.
Donald Rumsfeld discusses his political career, from his days as a congressman to planning the invasion of Iraq.
After surviving a bloody fight with powerful gangsters, rookie Jakarta cop Rama (Iko Uwais) thinks he can resume a normal life. However, his exploits during that fateful incident have attracted the attention of criminals even more deadly than the last. His family at risk, Rama has no choice but to go under cover. He gets himself thrown in prison, where he befriends the son of a prominent crime kingpin. Rama must lay his own life on the line to finally destroy the criminal empire.
Guy Trilby (Jason Bateman), a 40-year-old misanthrope, makes waves at a regional spelling bee when, due to a loophole in the rules, he is allowed to enter -- and later wins. Hurling insults at every turn, Guy advances to the national contest in Los Angeles, accompanied by a reporter (Kathryn Hahn) who wants to discover his hidden motives for entering the bee. As the competition gears up, friendless Guy inexplicably forms a bond with a young speller who is feeling parental pressure to win.
A series of escalating bets pits recently reunited friends against each other.
The life and work of career nanny Vivian Maier and her amazing collection of 100,000 photographs.
On the eve of his father's remarriage, a teenage birding enthusiast (Kodi Smit-McPhee) leads his friends on a road trip to find an extremely rare duck.
A limo driver (Patrick Wilson) goes for the ride of his life when he shuttles a mysterious billionaire around Hollywood.
Filmmaker Alejandro Jodorowsky discusses how he would have adapted Frank Herbert's classic sci-fi novel "Dune" for the big screen.
After the death of a musician friend, Chris Manak founds a record label as a tribute and to promote hip-hop music.
Filmmaker Rithy Panh re-creates atrocities of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge between 1975 and 1979.
A mild-mannered college professor (Jake Gyllenhaal) discovers a look-alike actor and delves into the other man's private affairs.
With her graduation from law school imminent, Veronica Mars (Kristen Bell) is interviewing with prestigious New York law firms when she gets a call from ex-boyfriend Logan (Jason Dohring), who has been accused of murder. Veronica returns to Neptune to help Logan find a good defense attorney, but when she becomes suspicious of the way Logan's case is being handled, she finds herself being pulled back into a life she thought she had left behind: that of an amateur sleuth.
To save their friendship, members of the band Swedish House Mafia decide to embark on a final, no-holds-barred tour, then dissolve the band for good.
In the 1930s, the Grand Budapest Hotel is a popular European ski resort, presided over by concierge Gustave H. (Ralph Fiennes). Zero, a junior lobby boy, becomes Gustave's friend and protege. Gustave prides himself on providing first-class service to the hotel's guests, including satisfying the sexual needs of the many elderly women who stay there. When one of Gustave's lovers dies mysteriously, Gustave finds himself the recipient of a priceless painting and the chief suspect in her murder.
Mr. Peabody (Ty Burrell), the most accomplished canine in the world, and his boy, Sherman (Max Charles), use a time machine called the Wabac to embark on outrageous adventures. However, when Sherman takes the Wabac without permission to impress his friend Penny (Ariel Winter), he accidentally rips a hole in the universe and causes havoc with world history. It's up to Mr. Peabody to mount a rescue and prevent the past, present and future from being permanently altered.
A complex relationship develops between an Israeli secret service officer (Tsahi Halevi) and his teenage Palestinian informant (Shadi Mar'i).
A Buddhist disciple (Zhang Wen) battles demons by using a book of nursery rhymes to appeal to their inherent goodness.
Scientists re-create conditions from the big-bang theory to investigate the origin of all matter and unravel the mysteries of the universe.
A masked hero's (Chase Williamson) quest to bring a dangerous criminal to justice leaves his own life and reputation in tatters.
Four gay boys grow up in a Southern Baptist Church, and each has a different path coming to terms with his homosexuality.
Alcoholic and world-weary, U.S. Air Marshal Bill Marks (Liam Neeson) lost his passion for his work long ago. Even though lives are potentially at stake during every flight, he sees the assignment as just a desk job. However, his "ordinary day at the office" becomes a high-stakes crisis during a flight to London. Marks receives a series of text messages demanding that he instruct the airline to transfer $150 million into an offshore account, or a passenger will die every 20 minutes.
Lonely housewife Ila (Nimrat Kaur) decides to try adding some spice to her stale marriage by preparing a special lunch for her neglectful husband. Unfortunately, the delivery goes astray and winds up in the hands of Saajan (Irrfan Khan), an irritable widower. Curious about her husband's lack of response, Ila adds a note to the next day's lunchbox, and thus begins an unusual friendship in which Saajan and Ila can talk about their joys and sorrows without ever meeting in person.
Katrine's life in Norway is happy until the Berlin Wall falls, then secrets from her past begin to emerge.
Filmmaker Don Argott follows heavy metal fans as they follow Lamb of God on tour.
A lifelong love of flight inspires Japanese aviation engineer Jiro Horikoshi, whose storied career includes the creation of the A-6M World War II fighter plane.
Arrested after the death of an Israeli soldier, a Palestinian baker (Adam Bakri) agrees to work as an informant, but his true motives and alliances remain hidden.
Plagued by medical issues and memory lapses, the Broadway icon contemplates retirement and mortality as she approaches her 87th birthday and rehearses for a new show.
A wealthy and aging Bucharest matriarch gives out bribes as she tries to buy her son out of a hit-and-run conviction.
While out with loudmouthed pal Bernie (Kevin Hart), Danny (Michael Ealy) meets successful businesswoman Debbie (Joy Bryant), who's as leery of relationships as Danny is. However, Danny and Debbie both feel the pull of undeniable attraction, and they end up spending the first of several nights together. The two try to make a success of being a couple despite warnings from Bernie and Joan (Regina Hall), Debbie's best friend. Meanwhile, Bernie and Joan experience some chemistry of their own.
Tinker Bell (Mae Whitman) and her friends go in search of a wayward fairy (Christina Hendricks) who fled Pixie Hollow and joined up with a band of scheming pirates led by the future Captain Hook (Tom Hiddleston).
Filmmaker Robert May chronicles the case of a once-respected judge who received kickbacks for sending juvenile offenders to prison, even for minor crimes.
After a friend's son is abducted and tortured, a tax attorney becomes the defense lawyer for a group of young men in a case against the government.
A wild chase ensues when a rival carter tries to stop a teenager from delivering seven crates to the other end of a Paraguayan street market.
Benjamin Murmelstein, the only Jewish elder to survive World War II, fought with Adolf Eichmann week after week for seven years and managed to help more than 120,000 Jews leave Germany.
Emmet (Chris Pratt), an ordinary LEGO figurine who always follows the rules, is mistakenly identified as the Special -- an extraordinary being and the key to saving the world. He finds himself drafted into a fellowship of strangers who are on a mission to stop an evil tyrant's (Will Ferrell) plans to conquer the world. Unfortunately for Emmet, he is hopelessly -- and hilariously -- unprepared for such a task, but he'll give it his all nonetheless.
The life and career of ballerina Tanaquil Le Clercq.
Inventor Tim Jenison conducts experiments to discover how 17th-century Dutch Master Johannes Vermeer achieved such photographic realism in his paintings.
A Baltimore boy named Pug idolizes a group of dirt-bike riders who raise havoc on city streets. Lacking any other significant male role models, Pug hopes to join their ranks one day.
Three older men try to change their ways.
Franck falls in love with Michel, an attractive, potent and lethally dangerous man.
An aging divorcee (Paulina García) embarks on an intense affair with a man (Sergio Hernández) she picked up at a disco.
Ryota learns that his biological son was switched at birth with the boy he has raised, and he must make a life-impacting decision between his two sons.
Laura Dekker, a 14-year-old sailor, sets out on a two-year voyage to become the youngest person to sail around the world alone.
A cop (Lior Ashkenazi) and a vengeful father (Tzahi Grad) torture a teacher (Rotem Keinan) whom they believe was involved in several killings, including that of a little girl.
Betrayed and on the run, a North Korean agent (Gong Yoo) tries to uncover the volatile secrets hidden inside the eyeglasses of a dead man.
Designer Emily Pilloton and architect Matt Miller go to a struggling community in North Carolina to teach high-school students about their craft.
In 2005 Afghanistan, Navy SEALs Marcus Luttrell (Mark Wahlberg), Michael Murphy (Taylor Kitsch), Danny Dietz (Emile Hirsch) and Matthew "Axe" Axelson (Ben Foster) deploy on a mission of surveillance and to take out Taliban leader Ahmad Shah. Though spotted by goatherds, Luttrell and his team decide not to kill them. But one of the Afghans alerts a group of Taliban fighters to the invaders, and a terrible battle ensues, in which the SEALs find themselves hopelessly outnumbered and outgunned.
Ahlo's family moves after his village is cleared to make way for a new dam. They come across a rocket festival and Ahlo takes the opportunity to build his own rocket and prove his worth.
Eka and Natia leave their childhood behind and ignore societal customs to escape from their turbulent family lives.
In 1987, Jordan Belfort (Leonardo DiCaprio) takes an entry-level job at a Wall Street brokerage firm. By the early 1990s, while still in his 20s, Belfort founds his own firm, Stratton Oakmont. Together with his trusted lieutenant (Jonah Hill) and a merry band of brokers, Belfort makes a huge fortune by defrauding wealthy investors out of millions. However, while Belfort and his cronies partake in a hedonistic brew of sex, drugs and thrills, the SEC and the FBI close in on his empire of excess.
The death and funeral of their father brings three sisters to the home of their mother, Violet (Meryl Streep), an acid-tongued, pill-popping cancer patient. Daughters Barbara (Julia Roberts), Karen (Juliette Lewis) and Ivy (Julianne Nicholson) -- along with their significant others and various other kin -- take the full brunt of their dysfunctional matriarch's venom, for Violet tells every one of them exactly what she thinks of them. Based on the play by Tracy Letts.
An Iranian man (Ali Mosaffa) returns to France to finalize his divorce and finds that his estranged wife (Bérénice Bejo) has a new lover (Tahar Rahim).
A hyperactive boy (Conner Chapman) and his best friend, a slow-witted youth with an affinity for horses, start collecting scrap metal for a shady dealer.
Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale) dabbles in forgery and loan-sharking, but when he falls for fellow grifter Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams), things change in a big way. Caught red-handed by FBI agent Richie DiMaso (Bradley Cooper), Irv and Sydney are forced to work under cover as part of DiMaso's sting operation to nail a New Jersey mayor (Jeremy Renner). Meanwhile, Irv's jealous wife (Jennifer Lawrence) may be the one to bring everyone's world crashing down. Based on the 1970s Abscam case.
Spurred on by a promise he made to his daughters, Walt Disney (Tom Hanks) embarks on what would become a 20-year quest to obtain the movie rights to "Mary Poppins." The author, P.L. Travers (Emma Thompson), proves to be an uncompromising curmudgeon who has no intention of letting her beloved characters become mangled in the Hollywood machine. However, when the books stop selling and she finds herself in need of money, Travers reluctantly agrees to consider Disney's proposition.
A sensitive and soulful man earns a living by writing personal letters for other people. Left heartbroken after his marriage ends, Theodore (Joaquin Phoenix) becomes fascinated with a new operating system which reportedly develops into an intuitive and unique entity in its own right. He starts the program and meets "Samantha" (Scarlett Johansson), whose bright voice reveals a sensitive, playful personality. Though "friends" initially, the relationship soon deepens into love.
A new father (Paul Walker) must remain behind and try to keep his prematurely born daughter alive after Hurricane Katrina knocks out the power in their New Orleans hospital.
A twice-raped New York garment worker (Zoë Tamerlis) becomes a violent agent of revenge for wronged women.
Having survived the first part of their unsettling journey, Bilbo Baggins (Martin Freeman) and his companions (Ian McKellen, Richard Armitage) continue east. More dangers await them, including the skin-changer Beorn and the giant spiders of Milkwood. After escaping capture by the dangerous Wood Elves, Bilbo and the dwarves journey to Lake-town and, finally, to the Lonely Mountain, where they face the greatest danger of all: the fearsome dragon Smaug (Benedict Cumberbatch).
Snowboarder Kevin Pearce suffers a traumatic brain injury while training for the 2010 Winter Olympics. His family stands by his side as he struggles through rehab, but they object when he expresses his desire to return to his favorite sport.
Vincent tells his childhood friends that he plans to name his child Adolf, and it causes unpleasant memories to surface for some of them.
Filmmaker Atsushi Funahashi tells the stories of Japan's nuclear refugees.
In 1961 New York City, folk singer Llewyn Davis (Oscar Isaac) is at a crossroads. Guitar in hand, he struggles against seemingly insurmountable obstacles to make a name for himself in the music world, but so far, success remains elusive. Relying on the kindness of both friends and strangers, Llewyn embarks on an odyssey that takes him from the streets of Greenwich Village to a Chicago club, where awaits a music mogul who could give him the big break that he desperately needs.
The remarkable life of South African revolutionary, president and world icon Nelson Mandela (Idris Elba) takes center stage. Though he had humble beginnings as a herd boy in a rural village, Mandela became involved in the anti-apartheid movement and co-founded the African National Congress Youth League. His activities eventually led to his imprisonment on Robben Island from 1964 to 1990. In 1994, Mandela became the first president of democratic South Africa.
Filmmaker Sini Anderson explores the life and career of punk rocker Kathleen Hanna, the Bikini Kill frontwoman who became a pioneer of the "riot grrrl" movement of the 1990s.
Filmmaker Dominique Benichetti spends five years recording the daily lives of two French farmers who live alone in the countryside.
When their kingdom becomes trapped in perpetual winter, fearless Anna (Kristen Bell) joins forces with mountaineer Kristoff (Jonathan Groff) and his reindeer sidekick to find Anna's sister, Snow Queen Elsa (Idina Menzel), and break her icy spell. Although their epic journey leads them to encounters with mystical trolls, a comedic snowman (Josh Gad), harsh conditions, and magic at every turn, Anna and Kristoff bravely push onward in a race to save their kingdom from winter's cold grip.
Filmmaker Michel Gondry animates a series of interviews with esteemed linguist, philosopher, commentator and activisit Noam Chomsky.
A glimpse into the world of the Monaco Grand Prix through the eyes of world champion Jackie Stewart.
After arriving safely home from their unprecedented victory in the 74th Annual Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen (Jennifer Lawrence) and Peeta Mellark (Josh Hutcherson) discover that they must do a quick turnaround and begin a Victors Tour. As she and Peeta travel throughout the districts, Katniss senses a rebellion is stirring. However, President Snow (Donald Sutherland) proves that he is still very much in control when word comes of a cruel change in the rules for the upcoming 75th Hunger Games.
The pinup model and cult icon recounts how her free expression overcame government witch-hunts to help launch America's sexual revolution.
Filmmaker Shaul Schwarz exposes the cycle of addiction to money, drugs and violence surrounding the war on drugs.
A man suffering from a mental illness attempts to rebuild his life.
Long time residents of Akko, a mixed Jewish-Arab city, resist the government's move to change the city's demographic.
In 1952, Irish teenager Philomena (Judi Dench) became pregnant out of wedlock and was sent to a convent. When her baby, Anthony, was a toddler, the nuns took Philomena's child away from her and put him up for adoption in the United States. For the next 50 years, she searched tirelessly for her son. When former BBC correspondent Martin Sixsmith (Steve Coogan) learns of the story, he becomes her ally. They travel together to America to find Anthony and become unexpectedly close in the process.
Cantankerous old buzzard Woody Grant (Bruce Dern) can barely walk down the street of his home in Billings, Mont., without stopping for a drink. So when Woody receives receives a sweepstakes notice in the mail and insists on making a 750-mile trip to Lincoln, Neb., to collect his prize, it falls to baffled son David (Will Forte) to accompany him. During a stop in their Nebraska hometown, word gets out about Woody's fortune, first making him a hero, then later, the target of predatory people.
An aging writer bitterly recollects his passionate youth.
Nearly 15 years after they were last together as a group, college friends Lance (Morris Chestnut), Harper (Taye Diggs), Candace (Regina Hall), Quentin (Terrence Howard), Robyn (Sanaa Lathan), Jordan (Nia Long), Murch (Harold Perrineau), and Mia (Monica Calhoun) finally reunite over the Christmas holidays. Though much has changed in their lives, the friends discover just how easy it is for long-forgotten rivalries and passionate romances to be reignited.
Filmmaker Alex Gibney chronicles Lance Armstrong's attempt to return to cycling, his admission of doping and subsequent fall from grace.
Inuits adapt to the changing environment of the Arctic.
Poet Elizabeth Bishop (Miranda Otto) has a love affair with architect Lota de Macedo Soares (Gloria Pires).
In ancient times, the gods of Asgard fought and won a war against an evil race known as the Dark Elves. The survivors were neutralized, and their ultimate weapon -- the Aether -- was buried in a secret location. Hundreds of years later, Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) finds the Aether and becomes its host, forcing Thor (Chris Hemsworth) to bring her to Asgard before Dark Elf Malekith (Christopher Eccleston) captures her and uses the weapon to destroy the Nine Realms -- including Earth.
Released in 1968, George A. Romero's low-budget shocker "Night of the Living Dead" becomes a landmark horror movie.
Filmmaker Shane Meadows traces the history of the British band.
Slavoj Zizek discusses his ideas on fantasy, reality, sexuality, subjectivity, desire, materiality and cinematic form.
When Tim Lake (Domhnall Gleeson) is 21, his father (Bill Nighy) tells him a secret: The men in their family can travel through time. Although he can't change history, Tim resolves to improve his life by getting a girlfriend. He meets Mary (Rachel McAdams), falls in love and finally wins her heart via time-travel and a little cunning. However, as his unusual life progresses, Tim finds that his special ability can't shield him and those he loves from the problems of ordinary life.
In 2092 the last mortal human (Jared Leto) on Earth reflects on his long past and thinks about the lives he might have led.
In mid-1980s Texas, electrician Ron Woodroof (Matthew McConaughey) is stunned to learn that he has AIDS. Though told that he has just 30 days left to live, Woodroof refuses to give in to despair. He seeks out alternative therapies and smuggles unapproved drugs into the U.S. from wherever he can find them. Woodroof joins forces with a fellow AIDS patient (Jared Leto) and begins selling the treatments to the growing number of people who can't wait for the medical establishment to save them.
When hostile aliens called the Formics attack Earth, only the legendary heroics of Mazer Rackham (Ben Kingsley) manage to attain a victory. To prepare for the next attack, Col. Hyrum Graff (Harrison Ford) and his cohorts initiate a military program to find the next Mazer. Recruit Ender Wiggin (Asa Butterfield) exhibits an unusual gift for the training, easily mastering all of the challenges thrown at him. Mazer Rackham, himself, takes Ender as a protege to prepare him for the oncoming war.
Wayward street children struggle to survive with help from kind-hearted people.
The loss of their young daughter threatens to destroy the love and faith of two married musicians (Veerle Baetens, Johan Heldenbergh).
Interviews with Martin Scorsese, Woody Allen, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, Al Pacino and others illustrate a look at how casting directors have shaped the direction of Hollywood over the last 50 years.
Threats from a former employee (Chris Penn) lead the over-reactive owner (Anthony Michael Hall) of a construction company to take matters into his own hands.
Egyptian revolutionaries battle their leaders and regime to build a new society.
The life and work of cultural icon, recording artist and actor Divine.
A French teen (Adèle Exarchopoulos) forms a deep emotional and sexual connection with an older art student (Léa Seydoux) she met in a lesbian bar.
Irascible Irving Zisman (Johnny Knoxville) and his young and impressionable grandson, Billy (Jackson Nicoll), set out on a road trip across America. Hidden cameras capture their insane and shocking encounters with a diverse set of unsuspecting citizens, including male strippers, disgruntled contestants (and their mothers) from a children's beauty pageant, mourners at a funeral home, patrons at a biker bar and more. Based on the "Jackass" TV series.
Filmmaker Jason DaSilves documents his body's decline.
The stories of three restaurants and the people behind them reveal how food draws families and communities together.
Rocky travels to India as a tourist and meets a group of children with HIV/AIDS. He faces numerous obstacles when he decides to stay in the country to help the poor and disillusioned.
Filmmakers Joe Brewster and Michèle Stephenson follow their son and his best friend through the U.S. educational system. Though both boys start out at the prestigious Dalton School, circumstances later force one into a public high school.
In the years before the Civil War, Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor), a free black man from upstate New York, is kidnapped and sold into slavery in the South. Subjected to the cruelty of one malevolent owner (Michael Fassbender), he also finds unexpected kindness from another, as he struggles continually to survive and maintain some of his dignity. Then in the 12th year of the disheartening ordeal, a chance meeting with an abolitionist from Canada changes Solomon's life forever.
Shahid Azmi (Raj Kumar Yadav) becomes an unlikely champion of human rights, particularly for India's Muslim minority.
During a solo voyage in the Indian Ocean, a veteran mariner (Robert Redford) awakes to find his vessel taking on water after a collision with a stray shipping container. With his radio and navigation equipment disabled, he sails unknowingly into a violent storm and barely escapes with his life. With any luck, the ocean currents may carry him into a shipping lane -- but, with supplies dwindling and the sharks circling, the sailor is forced to face his own mortality.
Thinkers, architects and urban planners discuss ways to increase human interaction in cities.
In 1944, young Allen Ginsberg (Daniel Radcliffe) has a rival for the affections of his charismatic classmate Lucien Carr (Dane DeHaan). When the rival is found dead, Carr, William Burroughs and Jack Kerouac are arrested for murder.
Athlete Shane McConkey becomes a pioneer of freeskiing and BASE jumping.
In April 2009, the U.S. containership Maersk Alabama sails toward its destination on a day that seems like any other. Suddenly, Somali pirates race toward the vessel, climb aboard and take everyone hostage. The captain of the ship, Richard Phillips (Tom Hanks), looks to protect his crew from the hostile invaders, and their leader, Muse (Barkhad Abdi). The pirates are after millions of dollars, and Phillips must use his wits to make sure everyone survives and returns home safely.
Filmmaker Roger Ross Williams explores the role of American religious extremists in Uganda, as a bill to make homosexuality punishable by death in that country gains a strong foothold.
The sons (Skylan Brooks, Ethan Dizon) of two drug-addled hookers must fend for themselves after one's mother goes missing and the other (Jennifer Hudson) is arrested.
The transformation of Green Day's album "American Idiot" into a stage musical spotlights Billie Joe Armstrong -- the band's front man -- and his creative process.
Filmmaker R.H. Greene delves into the rise and fall of actress Maila Nurmi, who gained fame as television icon "Vampira."
After his beloved partner, Tom, dies from injuries suffered in a fall, Shane Bitney Crone is barred from the funeral by Tom's family.
Four outcasts on the edges of a rapidly changing China channel their rage into a bloody rampage.
Filmmaker Nick Ryan uses footage, interviews and re-enactments to piece together events in August 2008 that resulted in the deaths of 11 people on Mount Everest.
Filmmaker Evan Jackson Leong chronicles the rise of basketball star Jeremy Lin, the first man of Chinese/Taiwanese descent to play in the NBA.
As the rock band Metallica performs a roaring set for fans in a sold-out arena, a young roadie named Trip (Dane DeHaan) is sent on a mission to meet a disabled truck and retrieve a particular item. However, the routine task turns into a surreal odyssey when Trip's van is hit by another vehicle and he finds himself up against a death-dealing horseman. As Trip flees through desolate streets, he has only his wits to help him avoid the deadly equestrian and deliver Metallica's cargo.
Dr. Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock) is a medical engineer on her first shuttle mission. Her commander is veteran astronaut Matt Kowalsky (George Clooney), helming his last flight before retirement. Then, during a routine space walk by the pair, disaster strikes: The shuttle is destroyed, leaving Ryan and Matt stranded in deep space with no link to Earth and no hope of rescue. As fear turns to panic, they realize that the only way home may be to venture further into space.
Filmmaker Jason Osder illustrates how prejudice, intolerance and fear can lead to unthinkable acts of violence.
South Bronx graffiti artist Shy Zoro is commissioned to paint a backdrop for a rap/break-dance concert.
A Palestinian student and an Israeli lawyer have an intense love affair.
In his Wealth and Poverty class at U.C.- Berkeley, former Labor Secretary Robert Reich discusses the grave economic and social consequences that may result if the gulf between rich and poor continues to widen.
In the mid-1970s, charismatic English playboy James Hunt (Chris Hemsworth) and Austrian perfectionist Niki Lauda (Daniel Brühl) share an intense rivalry in Formula 1 racing. Driving vehicles that are little more than gas-filled, rolling bombs, Hunt and Lauda burn up the track, all the while pushing themselves to the breaking point of physical and mental endurance. Meanwhile, the women (Olivia Wilde, Alexandra Maria Lara) in their lives can only watch as both drivers risk death with every lap.
Politicians secretly hire convicts to conduct hits, then quickly return to prison.
His genius finally recognized by his idol Chester V, inventor Flint Lockwood (Bill Hader) gets to join Chester's company, where he can work full-time on technologies to help mankind. However, Flint soon discovers that his most-famous machine, which turns water into food, is still operating but now creates animal/vegetable hybrids. With the fate of humanity in Flint's hands, he and his friends set out to save the world from tacodiles, shrimpanzees and other deliciously dangerous creatures.
Filmmaker Greg Camalier pays tribute to an Alabama city that holds a prominent place in music history. Artists who recorded at FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals, Ala., include Percy Sledge, Aretha Franklin and Lynyrd Skynyrd.
A friendship is developed in letters.
Filmmakers Martha Shane and Lana Wilson interview the only doctors willing to perform third trimester abortions.
Archaeologist Jodi Magness travels through the city gaining unprecedented access to holy sites and its vast underground network to unravel some of Jerusalem's greatest mysteries.
The world's best 7-year-old golfers travel to Pinehurst, N.C., to compete in the World Championships of Junior Golf.
Keller Dover (Hugh Jackman) faces a parent's worst nightmare when his 6-year-old daughter, Anna, and her friend go missing. The only lead is an old motorhome that had been parked on their street. The head of the investigation, Detective Loki (Jake Gyllenhaal), arrests the driver (Paul Dano), but a lack of evidence forces Loki to release his only suspect. Dover, knowing that his daughter's life is at stake, decides that he has no choice but to take matters into his own hands.
Phil Heath, Kai Greene, Branch Warren and other top bodybuilders train and compete for the coveted title of Mr. Olympia.
A match made in stoner heaven turns into an ugly love triangle when Lyle (Amari Cheatom) cannot choose between Nina (Trae Harris) or Mary Jane.
Eva (Julia Louis-Dreyfus), a divorced single parent, seems generally happy but dreads her daughter's departure for college. Unexpectedly, Eva begins a romance with Albert (James Gandolfini), a nice man with whom she has much in common. Meanwhile, Eva finds a new friend in Marianne (Catherine Keener), a poet who is just about perfect except for one thing: She constantly denigrates her ex-husband -- Albert. The more Eva hears, the more she doubts her relationship with him.
David Lynch, Debbie Harry, Wim Wenders and others pay tribute to the iconic actor, who holds more than 200 films on his resume and possesses an untapped musical talent.
Ayodele (Isaach De Bankolé) and Adenike (Danai Gurira) marry and start a new life. As months pass without a pregnancy, Adenike feels torn between her Yoruba culture and her new life in America, struggling to save her marriage.
We look into the life of the theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking, who is Director of Research at the University of Cambridge's Center for Theoretical Cosmology.
The creation of one of the most influential albums in popular music.
A rebellious Saudi girl (Waad Mohammed) enters a Koran recitation competition at her school and hopes to win enough money to buy her own bicycle.
Filmmaker Jamie Meltzer delves into the life of Brandon Darby, a radical activist turned FBI informant.
Kalindra tries desperately to find an outlet for her struggling voice and escape from her abusive husband.
Freda Kelly, a shy Liverpudlian teen, works for a new local band -- the Beatles -- hoping to make it big. As the band's fame multiplies, Freda bears witness to music and cultural history but never exploits her insider access.
Chinese demand for France's finest wines has caused the price of Bordeaux to skyrocket, forcing traditional buyers out.
Although his firm lost more than 600 employees in the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Cantor Fitzgerald CEO Howard Lutnick becomes a veritable pariah within weeks of the tragedy.
Johnny Cash and his troubled personal manager, Saul Holiff, help a boy search for his father.
Home movies of Richard Nixon filmed by his closest aides offer an intimate new look into his presidency.
Groomed for stardom by "X-Factor's" Simon Cowell, the members of pop supergroup One Direction -- Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Harry Styles, Louis Tomlinson and Liam Payne -- have emerged as a worldwide phenomenon. Filmmaker Morgan Spurlock follows the young singers on their 2012-2013 world tour and mixes live concert footage with behind-the-scenes interviews and antics. Soccer player Cristiano Ronaldo, actor-comic Chris Rock and filmmaker Martin Scorsese also drop by to meet the guys.
The Davisons, an upper-class family, are extremely wealthy -- but also estranged. In an attempt to mend their broken family ties, Aubrey (Barbara Crampton) and Paul (Rob Moran) Davison decide to celebrate their wedding anniversary by inviting their four children and their children's significant others to their weekend estate. The celebration gets off to a rocky start, but when crossbow-wielding assailants in animal masks suddenly attack, the Davisons must pull together or die.
A supervisor (Brie Larson) at a group home for at-risk teens connects with a new resident (Kaitlyn Dever) while facing a personal crisis of her own.
Muhammad Ali fights a five year prison sentence for refusing military service in Vietnam.
Raul dreams of escaping to Miami. When he is accused of assault, he convinces his friend Elio to help him cross the ocean.
Gary King (Simon Pegg) is an immature 40-year-old who's dying to take another stab at an epic pub-crawl that he last attempted 20 years earlier. He drags his reluctant buddies back to their hometown and sets out for a night of heavy drinking. As they make their way toward their ultimate destination -- the fabled World's End pub -- Gary and his friends attempt to reconcile the past and present. However, the real struggle is for the future when their journey turns into a battle for mankind.
A man (Casey Affleck) takes the fall for his lover's (Rooney Mara) crime, then four years later breaks out of prison to find her and their young daughter, who was born during his incarceration.
Noriko seeks an identity of her own after 40 years of marriage to famous boxing artist Ushio Shinohara.
After leaving the South as a young man and finding employment at an elite hotel in Washington, D.C., Cecil Gaines (Forest Whitaker) gets the opportunity of a lifetime when he is hired as a butler at the White House. Over the course of three decades, Cecil has a front-row seat to history and the inner workings of the Oval Office. However, his commitment to his "First Family" leads to tension at home, alienating his wife (Oprah Winfrey) and causing conflict with his anti-establishment son.
A French winemaker's (Niels Arestrup) contentious relationship with his son (Lorànt Deutsch) comes to a head when he asks the young man's childhood friend to become a partner in the winery.
In a war-torn Muslim country, a woman (Golshifteh Farahani) alleviates her silent suffering by confessing her dreams, desires and secrets to her comatose husband.
An ex-convict (Richmond Arquette) believes that a 58-year-old divorced man (Paul Eenhoorn) is a kindred spirit who can help him get his life back on track.
A vocal coach (Lake Bell) competes with her own father and his main rival for a prestigious gig doing the voice-over on a trailer for a big-budget movie.
Southern California drag racers Don Prudhomme and Tom McEwen team with corporate giants to change the face of sports.
A filmmaker in the country of Georgia uses raw interviews to show a nation teetering on the brink of change.
Two young filmmakers select a crazed conspiracy theorist as the subject for their next project, but they soon come to believe that the man isn't as delusional as they originally thought.
Legendary American cycler Jock Boyer helps members of Rwanda's first national cycling team prepare for the 2012 Olympic Games.
An innocent, bookish teenager (Shailene Woodley) begins dating the charming, freewheeling high-school senior (Miles Teller) who awoke on her lawn after a night of heavy partying.
A doctor brings a boy to Belgium and raises him as his own. When the boy reaches adulthood, he gets married and starts his own family -- but he still relies on the doctor. When trouble strikes his family, the dependence turns into domination.
For the past year, DEA agent Bobby Trench (Denzel Washington) and U.S. Navy intelligence officer Marcus Stigman (Mark Wahlberg) have been working under cover as members of a narcotics syndicate. The twist: Neither man knows that the other is an undercover agent. When their attempt to infiltrate a Mexican drug cartel and recover millions goes haywire, the men are disavowed by their superiors. Trench and Stigman must go on the run lest they wind up in jail or in a grave.
Though he once spent time in San Quentin, 22-year-old black man Oscar Grant (Michael B. Jordan) is now trying hard to live a clean life and support his girlfriend (Melonie Diaz) and young daughter (Ariana Neal). Flashbacks reveal the last day in Oscar's life, in which he accompanied his family and friends to San Francisco to watch fireworks on New Year's Eve, and, on the way back home, became swept up in an altercation with police that ended in tragedy. Based on a true story.
A man (Luke Treadaway) tells a police inspector (Timothy Spall) how he and three pals carried out an elaborate plan to rob a nefarious drug lord.
After he's taken into custody, a drug lord (Louis Koo) must help the police bust his former associates or else face the death penalty.
After her marriage to a wealthy businessman (Alec Baldwin) collapses, New York socialite Jasmine (Cate Blanchett) flees to San Francisco and the modest apartment of her sister, Ginger (Sally Hawkins). Although she's in a fragile emotional state and lacks job skills, Jasmine still manages to voice her disapproval of Ginger's boyfriend, Chili (Bobby Cannavale). Jasmine begrudgingly takes a job in a dentist's office, while Ginger begins dating a man (Louis C.K.) who's a step up from Chili.
Lured to a Japan he hasn't seen since World War II, century-old mutant Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) finds himself in a shadowy realm of yakuza and samurai. Wolverine is pushed to his physical and emotional brink when he is forced to go on the run with a powerful industrialist's daughter (Tao Okamoto) and is confronted -- for the first time -- with the prospect of death. As he struggles to rediscover the hero within himself, he must grapple with powerful foes and the ghosts of his own haunted past.
Devoted fans of rock legend Bruce Springsteen pay tribute to "the Boss" and discuss what his music means to them.
In 1970, paranormal investigators and demonologists Lorraine (Vera Farmiga) and Ed (Patrick Wilson) Warren are summoned to the home of Carolyn (Lili Taylor) and Roger (Ron Livingston) Perron. The Perrons and their five daughters have recently moved into a secluded farmhouse, where a supernatural presence has made itself known. Though the manifestations are relatively benign at first, events soon escalate in horrifying fashion, especially after the Warrens discover the house's macabre history.
A girl witnesses a violent attack committed by a neighbor in one of three interconnected stories in a British housing estate.
Chicago pimp Iceberg Slim tells about having reinvented himself, making the transition from pimp to groundbreaking author.
Sam needs to learn about UFOs, horror movies and airships before he dies of leukemia.
In 1939, Nicholas Winton successfully organizes and carries out the relocation of 669 endangered Jewish children from Czechoslovakia and places them with British host families.
The story of Tilikum, a captive killer whale that has taken the lives of several people, underscores problems within the sea-park industry, man's relationship to nature, and how little has been learned about these highly intelligent mammals.
Filmmakers expose the horrifying mass executions of accused communists in Indonesia and those who are celebrated in their country for perpetrating the crime.
Turbo (Ryan Reynolds) is a speed-obsessed snail with an unusual dream: to become the world's greatest racer. This odd snail gets a chance to leave his slow-paced life behind when a freak accident gives him the power of superspeed. Newly revved-up, Turbo embarks on an extraordinary quest to enter and win the Indianapolis 500. Accompanied by a dedicated pit crew of trash-talking adrenaline junkies, Turbo becomes the ultimate underdog by refusing to let his limitations get in the way of his dreams.
Filmmaker Cullen Hoback exposes the erosion of online privacy and what information governments and corporations are legally taking from citizens each day.
The story of runner Milkha Singh (Farhan Akhtar), called "the Flying Sikh," shows his loss in the 400-meter finals at the 1960 Olympics.
A farmer (James Cromwell) fights back when local authorities hamper his efforts to build a cottage for his dementia-stricken wife (Geneviève Bujold).
Long ago, legions of monstrous creatures called Kaiju arose from the sea, bringing with them all-consuming war. To fight the Kaiju, mankind developed giant robots called Jaegers, designed to be piloted by two humans locked together in a neural bridge. However, even the Jaegers are not enough to defeat the Kaiju, and humanity is on the verge of defeat. Mankind's last hope now lies with a washed-up ex-pilot (Charlie Hunnam), an untested trainee (Rinko Kikuchi) and an old, obsolete Jaeger.
A kindergarten teacher's (Mads Mikkelsen) world collapses around him after one of his students (Annika Wedderkopp), who has a crush on him, implies that he committed a lewd act in front of her.
Duncan (Liam James) is an awkward teen who must spend the summer at a beach house with his mother (Toni Collette), her boyfriend, Trent (Steve Carell), and Trent's obnoxious daughter. Trent can't resist badgering Duncan, so the youth steals away to a water park and gets a job that will help him stay off Trent's radar. As Duncan tends to the slides and pools of the aging park, he finds a father figure in wisecracking park manager Owen (Sam Rockwell) at a time when he desperately needs one.
Now that Gru (Steve Carell) has forsaken a life of crime to raise Margo, Agnes and Edith, he's trying to figure out how to provide for his new family. As he struggles with his responsibilities as a father, the Anti-Villain League -- an organization dedicated to fighting evil -- comes calling. The AVL sends Gru on a mission to capture the perpetrator of a spectacular heist, for who would be better than the world's greatest ex-villain to capture the individual who seeks to usurp his power.
In the follow-up to his 2011 film "Laugh at My Pain," comic and actor Kevin Hart appears in concert during two sold-out shows at New York's Madison Square Garden. The film captures the laughter, energy and mayhem of Hart's 2012 international "Let Me Explain" concert tour, which generated more than $32.7 million in ticket sales.
In the 1970s, Memphis-based band Big Star achieved critical acclaim but not mainstream success. Despite a lack of popularity, the band's music influenced such diverse artists as R.E.M., Wilco, Jeff Buckley and Elliot Smith.
In 1953, Varun travels to a village to steal an ancient idol.
In the '90s, Laurence tells his girlfriend, Fred, that he wants to become a woman; they confront the prejudices of their friends, ignore the council of their families and brave the phobias of the society they offend.
FBI Special Agent Sarah Ashburn (Sandra Bullock) is a methodical investigator with a long-standing reputation for excellence -- and arrogance. In contrast, foul-mouthed, hot-tempered detective Shannon Mullins (Melissa McCarthy) goes with her gut instincts and street smarts to remove criminals from the streets of Boston. Sparks fly when these polar opposites have to work together to capture a drug lord, but in the process, they become the last thing anyone expected -- buddies.
Filmmakers Mark Covino and Jeff Howlett tell the story of the Hackney brothers and how the discovery of their long-lost demo tape led to their band's newfound popularity.
A Vienna museum guard befriends a visitor, and the two explore their lives, the city and the ways artwork reflects the world.
Eminem, 50 Cent, Susan Sarandon and others appear in a satirical course for aspiring drug dealers on how to maximize profits and evade prison.
After Somali pirates hijack a Danish cargo ship and take the crew hostage, authorities in Copenhagen begin negotiations with the pirates to free the crew.
Ever since he was a kid monster, Mike Wazowski (Billy Crystal) has dreamed of becoming a Scarer. To make his dream a reality, he enrolls at Monsters University. During his first semester, he meets Sulley (John Goodman), a natural-born Scarer. Sulley and Mike engage in a fierce rivalry that ultimately gets them both kicked out of MU's elite Scare Program. To make things right, Mike and Sulley -- along with a bunch of misfit monsters -- will have to learn to work together.
An aging British curmudgeon (Terence Stamp) joins a community choir to cheer his cancer-stricken wife (Vanessa Redgrave).
After ending their relationship, a man and his ex-fiancee fake their nuptials.
When former U.N. investigator Gerry Lane (Brad Pitt) and his family get stuck in urban gridlock, he senses that it's no ordinary traffic jam. His suspicions are confirmed when, suddenly, the city erupts into chaos. A lethal virus, spread through a single bite, is turning healthy people into something vicious, unthinking and feral. As the pandemic threatens to consume humanity, Gerry leads a worldwide search to find the source of the infection and, with luck, a way to halt its spread.
An award-winning Palestinian surgeon (Ali Suliman) is shocked to discover that his wife was the terrorist responsible for a suicide bombing that killed 17 people.
Filmmaker Kris Koenig examines current gun laws and the movement to restrict the right to buy them.
Kicked out of his home for being gay, a young man (Ephraim Sykes) finds a new family with Los Angeles drag queens.
Artist and author Tomi Ungerer's creativity and penchant for outspokenness contribute both to his great success and to his being the subject of controversy.
Filmmaker Morgan Neville shines a long-overdue spotlight on the hit-making contributions of longtime backup singers like Darlene Love and Merry Clayton.
A Russian man, desperate to save his dignity, is given an impossible moral choice after he is accused of collaboration with the Nazis.
In Uganda, openly gay David Kato and his fellow activists work to defeat new legislation in their country that would make homosexuality punishable by death.
Australian surfing legends Tom Carroll and Ross Clarke-Jones ride gigantic waves.
Beekeepers, scientists and others discuss the world's declining bee population and what it may mean for modern society.
Filmmaker Robert Stone profiles energy experts and environmentalists who once preached against nuclear energy but now embrace it.
In Hollywood, actor James Franco is throwing a party with a slew of celebrity pals. Among those in attendance are his buddies Jonah Hill, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel, Danny McBride and Craig Robinson. Suddenly, an apocalypse of biblical proportions erupts, causing untold carnage among Tinseltown's elite and trapping Franco's party in his home. As the world they knew disintegrates outside, cabin fever and dwindling supplies threaten to tear the six friends apart.
Three Russian women face a seven year prison term for a satirical performance in a Moscow cathedral.
After a successful campaign against his rebellious brother, Don John (Sean Maher), Don Pedro (Reed Diamond) visits the governor of Messina. With him are Benedick (Alexis Denisof) and Claudio (Fran Kranz). While there, Claudio falls for the governor's daughter, Hero (Jillian Morgese), while Benedick engages in a war of words with Beatrice (Amy Acker), the governor's niece. While Don Pedro tries to trick Benedick and Beatrice into falling in love, Don John tries to tear Claudio and Hero apart.
In the late 1980s, controversial host Morton Downey Jr. rips apart the traditional talk-show format by turning civilized debate and discussion into aggressive and sometimes-violent confrontation.
Kevin Sheppard, a professional basketball player from America, signs to a team in Shiraz, Iran. His desire to explore the unknown culminates in an alliance with three Iranian women who help in a social revolution.
Investigative reporter Jeremy Scahill traces the rise of the Joint Special Operations Command. He exposes covert operations to capture and kill people, but those agents do not exist on paper.
Jennifer Zeng and Dr. Charles Lee are jailed and tortured in China for their belief in Falun Gong, a meditation practice that swept the nation in the 1990s.
An ex-Marine finds success as a craft bartender in filmmaker Douglas Tirola's look at the world of cocktail bars and the art of bartending.
Filmmaker Julien Temple delves into the multicultural heart of London using contributions from musicians, writers, artists and thinkers to see how the city has changed over the last 100 years.
Three teenagers (Nick Robinson, Gabriel Basso, Moises Arias) carry out a plan to leave their dysfunctional parents, build a house in the woods and live off the land.
An attendant (George Griffith) at a strip-club bathroom wangles tips and secrets from the patrons who step in and out of the stall doors.
Cut off from the outside world by an invisible and impenetrable barrier, a lone woman (Martina Gedeck) starts a journal of her experiences.
After filming weddings for two decades, Doug Block tracks down some of the couples to get their perspective on love and marriage.
Sarah (Brit Marling), an undercover agent at a private intelligence firm, is hired to infiltrate the East, an ecoterrorism cell targeting companies that pollute the environment. Though one (Ellen Page) of the group's hardcore members is suspicious of her, Sarah manages to win over Benji (Alexander Skarsgård), the East's leader. However -- even as Sarah tries to maintain her cover -- she gains more sympathy for the group's cause while, increasingly, becoming drawn to Benji.
Writer and philosopher Hannah Arendt (Barbara Sukowa) goes to Israel to cover Adolf Eichmann's war-crimes trial for The New Yorker magazine.
World-famous pianist Liberace (Michael Douglas) takes much-younger Scott Thorson (Matt Damon) as a lover, but the relationship deteriorates when Liberace takes other bedmates and Thorson becomes addicted to drugs.
Since Dom (Vin Diesel) and Brian's (Paul Walker) heist in Rio left them and their crew very rich people, they've scattered across the globe; however, they must still live as fugitives, unable to return home to their families. Meanwhile, Agent Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) has been tracking a gang of lethally skilled mercenary drivers whose second-in-command is someone Dom knows. Unable to take them down himself, Hobbs asks Dom and his crew for help in exchange for full pardons for everyone.
Mary Katherine (Amanda Seyfried), or M.K., is a headstrong, spirited teenager who has a strained relationship with her father (Jason Sudeikis). She loses patience with her dad's tales of unseen people who live in the woods, but when she is magically transported to that mythic realm, she gains new perspective. M.K. joins a race of beings known as the Leafmen in their battle to protect their queen (Beyoncé Knowles) from their enemies, evil Mandrake (Christoph Waltz) and his crew of Boggans.
After a young Hasidic woman dies in childbirth, her 18-year-old sister (Hadas Yaron) is asked to cancel her upcoming marriage to a promising young man and marry her widowed brother-in-law (Yiftach Klein) instead.
Filmmaker Alex Gibney examines the case of Julian Assange and WikiLeaks, and how their actions have changed the way democratic societies deal with privacy, secrecy and the right to information.
On the last night of their idyllic Greek vacation, longtime lovers Jesse (Ethan Hawke) and Celine (Julie Delpy) reminisce about their lives together and what different choices might have brought.
Filmmakers Robert Garcia and Kevin Couliau explore the definition, culture and social impact of New York's summer basketball scene.
Frances (Greta Gerwig) goes from apartment to apartment in Brooklyn as she looks for a job and a stable partner.
In Seoul, a loan shark's brutal enforcer (Lee Jung-jin) turns away from his violent lifestyle after he meets a woman (Jo Min-soo) who says she's the long-lost mother who abandoned him when he was just an infant.
The crew of the Starship Enterprise returns home after an act of terrorism within its own organization destroys most of Starfleet and what it represents, leaving Earth in a state of crisis. With a personal score to settle, Capt. James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) leads his people (Zachary Quinto, Karl Urban, Zoë Saldana) on a mission to capture a one-man weapon of mass destruction, thereby propelling all of them into an epic game of life and death.
French coloratura soprano Natalie Dessay and director Jean-Francois Sivadier reinvent the masterpiece "La Traviata," written by Italian composer Giuseppe Verdi.
Filmmaker Yung Chang spends two years following fruit-obsessed horticulturalists, pomologists, and backyard enthusiasts.
Through a series of revealing interviews, filmmaker Sarah Polley investigates the truth about her family history.
Richard takes his friends to his parents' beach house to celebrate the end of the school year. He gets jealous after his girlfriend, Lara, chats with an ex-boyfriend, then he causes a tragic accident by getting into a fight.
A commune of people takes up residence in a Hollywood mansion before fleeing to Hawaii.
A couple's (Alice Lowe, Steve Oram) cross-country road trip takes a deadly turn when they decide to start killing everyone who annoys them.
Filmmakers Maiken Baird and Michelle Major follow sisters and tennis champions Venus and Serena Williams on and off the courts as both battle health problems and media controversy.
Filmmaker Nisha Pahuja shows the tension between traditional and modern values in India through the Miss India Pageant.
Hit man Richard Kuklinski (Michael Shannon) earns a well-deserved reputation as a cold-blooded killer but manages to keep his violent profession a secret from his wife (Winona Ryder) and children for years.
Plagued with worry and insomnia since saving New York from destruction, Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.), now, is more dependent on the suits that give him his Iron Man persona -- so much so that every aspect of his life is affected, including his relationship with Pepper (Gwyneth Paltrow). After a malevolent enemy known as the Mandarin (Ben Kingsley) reduces his personal world to rubble, Tony must rely solely on instinct and ingenuity to avenge his losses and protect the people he loves.
Jason dreams of becoming a professional magician and teams with Stacy, a street performer, to compete in The Brotherhood of Magicians Competition.
The offspring of a hot-headed musician (Julianne Moore) and an art dealer (Steve Coogan), little Maisie (Onata Aprile) learns the hard way about how difficult divorce can be on a youngster. The quiet, obedient child gets caught in the middle as her self-absorbed parents use her as a pawn in a bitter custody battle. After her parents marry new mates, Maisie finds reason to hope for some genuine affection -- but permanent damage to her psyche may have already been done.
Victor Kossakovsky captures images from antipodes.
Norwegian adventurer Thor Heyerdahl (Pål Sverre Hagen) suspects that the South Sea Islands were originally colonized by South Americans. In 1947 despite his fear of water and inability to swim, Heyerdahl decides to prove his theory. He and five companions set sail from Peru on a balsa-wood raft built from an ancient design. Their only modern equipment is a radio, and they must navigate using the stars and ocean currents. After three exhausting months at sea, they achieve their goal.
A middle-aged woman travels to Kenya in search of sex.
The life of a chauffeur (Arnold Reyes) takes a terrifying turn when -- by mistake -- his own young daughter is kidnapped instead of the child of the corrupt politician for whom he works.
In the near future, a filmmaker documents the world's reaction to a device which detects every man's time of death.
While exploring a Mississippi River island, Arkansas boys Ellis (Tye Sheridan) and Neckbone (Jacob Lofland) encounter Mud (Matthew McConaughey),a fugitive who needs their help. Though Mud killed a man in Texas and has bounty hunters on his trail, he is most concerned about reuniting with Juniper (Reese Witherspoon), the love of his life. Ellis, who is suffering the pangs of his first crush, agrees to help Mud. He and Neckbone do all they can to protect Mud and help him reunite with Juniper.
Having overcome drugs, bankruptcy, a bout with throat cancer and other hard knocks, Levon Helm, founding member of the Band, works on his first studio album in 25 years at his home studio in Woodstock, N.Y.
Filmmaker Robert Greenwald highlights four instances of government whistle-blowing.
Commissaire Edouard Coleman (Alain Delon) is a Paris police chief whose life investigating violent crimes has left him despondent. After beginning an affair with a beautiful but cold woman named Cathy (Catherine Deneuve), he befriends her boyfriend, Simon (Richard Crenna), a local nightclub owner. Unbeknownst to Edouard, however, Simon is also a ruthless bank robber and drug smuggler who is planning one final heist. Edouard is forced to pursue Simon after learning his true identity.
Filmmaker Angad Bhalla captures the creative journey of Herman Wallace, a prisoner confined to a solitary cell, as he draws his dream house.
Filmmakers Molly Bernstein and Alan Edelstein take a glimpse at the very private world of professional magician Ricky Jay.
Three old friends and rivals are invited to take part in a hit TV show in which past-their-prime fighters do battle for redemption and ratings gold.
In 1946, Branch Rickey (Harrison Ford), legendary manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers, defies major league baseball's notorious color barrier by signing Jackie Robinson (Chadwick Boseman) to the team. The heroic act puts both Rickey and Robinson in the firing line of the public, the press and other players. Facing open racism from all sides, Robinson demonstrates true courage and admirable restraint by not reacting in kind and lets his undeniable talent silence the critics for him.
Robbie barely avoids jail and, after visiting a whisky distillery, he is inspired to find a way out of his hopeless life.
"Restrepo" filmmaker Sebastian Junger pays tribute to his co-director Tim Hetherington, who lost his life in Libya in 2011.
A youth becomes a victim of cyberbullying in one of three tales centered around the impact of the Internet on people's lives.
Four couples having Sunday brunch become stuck together in a house when they learn the world is ending.
An exploration of the U.S. meat industry reveals a growing number of chefs, farmers and consumers who will only use animals raised outdoors without the use of chemicals.
After his grandmother dies, an autistic young man (Lou Taylor Pucci) is forced to adjust to life in the outside world.
Simon (James McAvoy), a fine-art auctioneer, joins a gang of thieves led by Franck (Vincent Cassel) to steal a priceless Goya painting. During the heist Simon suffers a head injury and awakes with no memory of where he hid the artwork. When torture and physical threats fail to break through his amnesia, Franck hires a hypnotherapist named Elizabeth (Rosario Dawson) to find the answer. But as Elizabeth probes the recesses of Simon's mind, the lines between truth and deceit start to blur.
Mia (Jane Levy), a drug addict, is determined to kick the habit. To that end, she asks her brother, David (Shiloh Fernandez), his girlfriend, Natalie (Elizabeth Blackmore) and their friends Olivia (Jessica Lucas) and Eric (Lou Taylor Pucci) to accompany her to their family's remote forest cabin to help her through withdrawal. Eric finds a mysterious Book of the Dead at the cabin and reads aloud from it, awakening an ancient demon. All hell breaks loose when the malevolent entity possesses Mia.
In 1993, spelunker Christopher Nicola finds the cave in which a group of Ukrainian Jews spent more than 500 days hiding from Nazis during World War II.
A woman (Amy Seimetz) unwittingly undergoes a series of bizarre experiments, then meets a kindred spirit (Shane Carruth) who may have experienced the same ordeal.
College professor Angela Davis' social activism implicates her in a botched kidnapping that ends with four people dead and her name on the FBI's most-wanted list.
Rescued from her evil stepmother (Maribel Verdú) by dwarves, a young woman (Macarena García) becomes a bullfighter like her late father.
In upstate New York, two men (Ryan Gosling, Bradley Cooper), and later, their sons (Dane DeHaan, Emory Cohen) must deal with the unforeseen consequences of their actions.
Chile's Violeta Parra (Francisca Gavilán) rises from poverty to become a celebrated and influential musician, poet and activist.
A would-be music promoter (Chris O'Dowd) sees something special in a girl group of four Australian singers and takes them to Vietnam to perform for American troops.
Malcolm and Sofia decide the only way to get back at rival graffiti artists who ruined their latest masterpiece is to tag the Home Run Apple of the New York Mets.
More than 140 people sue a fertility clinic to reveal the name of the sperm donor (Patrick Huard) whose frequent contributions resulted in 533 offspring.
Friends and family tell the story of Lt. Michael Murphy, a Navy SEAL who died for his country and was posthumously awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor.
Prehistoric family the Croods live in a particularly dangerous moment in time. Patriarch Grug (Nicolas Cage), his mate, Ugga (Catherine Keener), teenage daughter Eep (Emma Stone), son Thunk (Clark Duke) and feisty Gran (Cloris Leachman) gather food by day and huddle together in a cave at night. When a more evolved caveman named Guy (Ryan Reynolds) arrives on the scene, Grug is distrustful, but it soon becomes apparent that Guy is correct about the impending destruction of their world.
Two teenage brothers have to face their prejudices head on to survive being young Arabs on the streets of London.
Undercover officer Ja-sung (Jung-jae Lee) infiltrates the biggest crime syndicate in Korea and spends eight years rising in the ranks. When the head of the organization is killed, Ja-sung becomes torn between his loyalties.
A Korean-American girl, abducted and forced into prostitution by human traffickers, has to agree to her captors' demands to survive.
Yokohama teens try to save their school's clubhouse from being demolished.
Luciano auditions for a spot on "Big Brother" and lets the attention go to his head.
The author speaks about his upbringing, his success, the fallout from "Portnoy's Complaint," and his feelings about aging.
A young homosexual has problems with his mother.
A young woman confronts the demons of her past after she witnesses a violent crime.
Two young women grow up together in an orphanage. One finds refuge in a Romanian convent and the other moves to Germany to start a new life.
Filipino musician Arnel Pineda gets the opportunity of a lifetime when Journey guitarist Neal Schon sees him perform on YouTube, leading to a job offer as the band's new lead singer.
Stories of nine girls from developing countries show them overcoming great obstacles to obtain an education and change their fates.
Jackie tries to fight through reality's intrusion on her incestuous desires when her older brother gets his first girlfriend and prepares to leave for college.
African rebels force a village girl (Rachel Mwanza) to kill her own parents and join their army, but a miraculous event makes the rebels think she has supernatural powers.
India Stoker's (Mia Wasikowska) world comes crashing down when her father (Jacki Weaver) dies in a car accident. Adding to the girl's emotionol turmoil is the sudden arrival of Charlie (Matthew Goode), an uncle whom she never knew existed. Charlie moves in with India and her unstable mother (Nicole Kidman), and soon India begins to suspect that this charming and mysterious man has ulterior motives. However, instead of feeling alarmed, India becomes increasingly infatuated with him.
Filmmaker Josh Johnson explores the creation of the videocassette format, including interviews with those who collect and care passionately about it.
Harry Belafonte, Connie Francis and Leonard Nimoy are among those featured in filmmaker Roberta Grossman's history of the song "Hava Nagila," from its Russian origins to its prevalence in Jewish culture.
The history of the environmental movement's evolution from the 1960s to the present.
An examination of the issue of hunger in America focuses on the plight of three individuals from different parts of the country who struggle to find adequate nutrition.
A brother and sister battle a witch who uses a special blend of marijuana to lure teenagers into her home.
A young man and an elderly medicine woman try to end the battle between good and evil that is waging out of control through their village during World War II.
Stand-up comic Eddie Pepitone tries to take his act to the next level by breaking through his cult status.
An elderly man (Tadashi Okuno) and a student/escort girl (Rin Takanashi) take on different roles over the course of their unusual relationship.
In 1988, international pressure comes to bear on Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet, forcing him to call a referendum on his presidency. The country will vote either yes or no on extending Pinochet's rule for another eight years. Leaders of the "no" movement recruit Rene Saavedra (Gael García Bernal), a young advertising executive, to spearhead their campaign. With few resources and constant scrutiny by the dictator's minions, Saavedra and his team hatch a bold plan to win the election.
As Allied forces sweep across Germany, five children embark on a journey that challenges their notions of family, love and friendship.
For four years, Emily Taylor (Rooney Mara) has awaited the release of her husband, Martin (Channing Tatum), from being imprisoned for insider trading. Finally, Martin comes home, but Emily feels just as bad as she did when he was incarcerated, and she sinks into a deep depression. After her failed suicide attempt, psychiatrist Jonathan Banks (Jude Law) prescribes a series of medications. When those don't work, he gives Emily a new medication -- but the drug leads to ruined lives and death.
Inmates in a high-security prison prepare for a public performance of Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar."
The life of former New York City Mayor Ed Koch.
Six former heads of Israel's secret service agency, the Shin Bet, discuss their organization's successes and failures since the Six Day War in 1967.
A terrible plague has left the planet's population divided between zombies and humans. An unusual zombie named R (Nicholas Hoult) sees his walking-dead brethren attacking a living woman named Julie (Teresa Palmer) and rescues her. Julie sees that R is different from the other zombies, and the pair embark on an unusual relationship. As their bond grows and R becomes more and more human, a chain of events unfolds that could transform the entire lifeless world.
Filmmaker Alex Gibney explores the history of the hockey goon.
Artists and producers highlight the history of the recording studio in Van Nuys, Calif., and discuss the impact of music in the age of technology.
Yossi, a closeted gay doctor, has his quiet world turned upside down when a woman from his past shows up. Their emotionally charged reunion causes Yossi to leave Tel Aviv and he finally wants to awaken from his emotional slumber.
Two New York film editors attempt to hold on to their significant others while working on a film in crisis.
Indigenous people on the Siberian Taiga live in a village on the river Yenisei.
Michael (Peter Cilella) ties up his best friend, Chris (Vinny Curran), in a remote cabin to get him sober.
A detective probes the brutal murder of a woman in a red light district; a housewife hides her double life as a prostitute from her husband.
Two teenagers living in post-tsunami Japan commit violent acts against wrongdoers.
Avid bird-watchers converge on Manhattan's celebrated park to observe and enjoy the diverse array of species that live there.
Thirteen powerless men become trapped aboard a ship when Somali pirates attack and demand a huge ransom for their release.
Following the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, Osama bin Laden becomes one of the most-wanted men on the planet. The worldwide manhunt for the terrorist leader occupies the resources and attention of two U.S. presidential administrations. Ultimately, it is the work of a dedicated female operative (Jessica Chastain) that proves instrumental in finally locating bin Laden. In May 2011, Navy SEALs launch a nighttime strike, killing bin Laden in his compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan.
A Chinese barmaid (Tao Zhao) and a Slavic fisherman (Rade Serbedzija) find friendship and more in an Italian fishing village.
Once-popular opera diva Jean Horton (Maggie Smith) creates a stir with her arrival at Beecham House, a home for retired performers. No one feels the uproar more than Reginald (Tom Courtenay), Jean's ex-husband, who still stings from her long-ago infidelity. Most of the other Beecham residents are delighted, and try to convince Jean to join them in a performance of "Rigoletto." Jean, however, knows that she is long past her prime and is reluctant to sully the memory of her once-lovely voice.
With his father long gone, a disturbed youngster (Christopher Ruíz-Esparza) tries to take over his family as man of the house.
Continuing a project he began in 1964, filmmaker Michael Apted revisits his original subjects and sees how their lives are progressing now that they are 56 years old.
A Jerusalem teenager (Agathe Bonitzer) and a Palestinian (Mahmoud Shalabi) from Gaza correspond via bottled notes thrown into the sea.
After 19 years as a prisoner, Jean Valjean (Hugh Jackman) is freed by Javert (Russell Crowe), the officer in charge of the prison workforce. Valjean promptly breaks parole but later uses money from stolen silver to reinvent himself as a mayor and factory owner. Javert vows to bring Valjean back to prison. Eight years later, Valjean becomes the guardian of a child named Cosette after her mother's (Anne Hathaway) death, but Javert's relentless pursuit means that peace will be a long time coming.
Filmmaker Amy Berg tells the story of the fight to stop the state of Arkansas from executing an innocent man. Beginning with an examination into the police investigation into the 1993 murders of three boys in West Memphis, Arkansas, Berg brings to light new evidence surrounding the arrest and conviction of Damien Echols, Jason Baldwin and Jessie Misskelley. All three were teens at the time and lost 18 years of their lives after being wrongly convicted and imprisoned.
Two years before the Civil War, Django (Jamie Foxx), a slave, finds himself accompanying an unorthodox German bounty hunter named Dr. King Schultz (Christoph Waltz) on a mission to capture the vicious Brittle brothers. Their mission successful, Schultz frees Django, and together they hunt the South's most-wanted criminals. Their travels take them to the infamous plantation of shady Calvin Candie (Leonardo DiCaprio), where Django's long-lost wife (Kerry Washington) is still a slave.
One morning in an ordinary town, five people are shot dead in a seemingly random attack. All evidence points to a single suspect: an ex-military sniper who is quickly brought into custody. The man's interrogation yields one statement: Get Jack Reacher (Tom Cruise). Reacher, an enigmatic ex-Army investigator, believes the authorities have the right man but agrees to help the sniper's defense attorney (Rosamund Pike). However, the more Reacher delves into the case, the less clear-cut it appears.
In December 2004, close-knit family Maria (Naomi Watts), Henry (Ewan McGregor) and their three sons begin their winter vacation in Thailand. But the day after Christmas, the idyllic holiday turns into an incomprehensible nightmare when a terrifying roar rises from the depths of the sea, followed by a wall of black water that devours everything in its path. Though Maria and her family face their darkest hour, unexpected displays of kindness and courage ameliorate their terror.
An East German doctor in the 1980s is banished to a small country hospital.
Retired music teachers Georges (Jean-Louis Trintignant) and Anne (Emmanuelle Riva) have spent their lives devoted to their careers and to each other. Their relationship faces its greatest challenge when Anne suffers a debilitating stroke. Though Georges himself suffers from the aches and infirmities of old age, he bravely ignores his own discomfort to take care of his wife, and is determined to keep his promise to her that she never go back to the hospital.
Bilbo Baggins (Martin Freeman) lives a simple life with his fellow hobbits in the shire, until the wizard Gandalf (Ian McKellen) arrives and convinces him to join a group of dwarves on a quest to reclaim the kingdom of Erebor. The journey takes Bilbo on a path through treacherous lands swarming with orcs, goblins and other dangers, not the least of which is an encounter with Gollum (Andy Serkis) and a simple gold ring that is tied to the fate of Middle Earth in ways Bilbo cannot even fathom.
Jeremy Irons travels around the world to see beautiful locations tainted by pollution.
In the late 1970s, a gay couple take in a mentally impaired teenager who had been abandoned, but the three have to fight a biased legal system to stay together once authorities learn of the unconventional group.
In 1958, Richard and Mildred Loving are arrested for violating Virginia's anti-miscegenation laws, eventually leading to a landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision on interracial marriage.
A rabbi's cat learns to speak after he eats a parrot and asks to convert to Judaism.
Kevin and Garrison live in a small California town, and they find ways to occupy themselves in a place where there is not a lot to do.
Three brothers discover the late-night scene of New Orleans.
Eight people find a way to make a life for themselves within the homeless community.
A program called Stars and Stripes Honor Flight takes veterans on all-expenses-paid trips to Washington, D.C., to visit the World War II memorial.
Inspector Surjan Singh Shekhawat (Aamir Khan) investigates a popular film star's death. Before he can solve the complicated case, he has to face his suppressed grief and deal with Rosie -- a sex worker and murderer.
A martial arts master with a dark past wants to start a new and tranquil life. His tranquility is wrecked when a determined detective and his former master track him down.
Filmmaker Jay Bulger interviews Ginger Baker, legendary and often volatile drummer of the rock groups Cream and Blind Faith.
Following his great success with "North by Northwest," director Alfred Hitchcock (Anthony Hopkins) makes a daring choice for his next project: an adaptation of Robert Bloch's novel "Psycho." When the studio refuses to back the picture, Hitchcock decides to pay for it himself in exchange for a percentage of the profits. His wife, Alma Reville (Helen Mirren), has serious reservations about the film but supports him nonetheless. Still, the production strains the couple's marriage.
Ali (Matthias Schoenaerts), a former boxer and single father, meets Stephanie (Marion Cotillard) when he saves her from a brawl at the nightclub where he works as a bouncer. Their casual acquaintance develops into something much more after Stephanie, who trains killer whales at a marine park, suffers a horrible accident and loses both her legs above the knee. As Stephanie draws on Ali's physical strength, an unexpected courtship slowly comes to life.
After deciding to sell their zoo in India and move to Canada, Santosh and Gita Patel board a freighter with their sons and a few remaining animals. Tragedy strikes when a terrible storm sinks the ship, leaving the Patels' teenage son, Pi (Suraj Sharma), as the only human survivor. However, Pi is not alone; a fearsome Bengal tiger has also found refuge aboard the lifeboat. As days turn into weeks and weeks drag into months, Pi and the tiger must learn to trust each other if both are to survive.
Generation after generation, immortal Guardians like Santa Claus (Alec Baldwin), the Easter Bunny (Hugh Jackman) and the Tooth Fairy (Isla Fisher) protect the world's children from darkness and despair. However, an evil boogeyman named Pitch Black (Jude Law) schemes to overthrow the Guardians by obliterating children's belief in them. It falls to a winter sprite named Jack Frost (Chris Pine) to thwart Pitch's plans and save the Guardians from destruction.
After losing his job and wife, and spending time in a mental institution, Pat Solatano (Bradley Cooper) winds up living with his parents (Robert De Niro, Jacki Weaver). He wants to rebuild his life and reunite with his wife, but his parents would be happy if he just shared their obsession with the Philadelphia Eagles. Things get complicated when Pat meets Tiffany (Jennifer Lawrence), who offers to help him reconnect with his wife, if he will do something very important for her in exchange.
Filmmaker Chanoch Ze'evi interviews relatives of high-ranking Nazi officials, who struggle with the guilt of their terrible family legacies.
Interests collide at Ground Zero in the decade following 9/11.
Filmmaker Alex Gibney examines reports of pedophilia within the Roman Catholic Church, focusing specifically on a group of men who alleged that they were abused as boys by a priest at a Milwaukee school for the deaf.
Two altar boys (Dylan Hartigan, Alex Maizus) get in over their heads after they pry open a locked trunk left in one's care and find a gun.
With the nation embroiled in still another year with the high death count of Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln brings the full measure of his passion, humanity and political skill to what would become his defining legacy: to end the war and permanently abolish slavery through the 13th Amendment. Having great courage, acumen and moral fortitude, Lincoln pushes forward to compel the nation, and those in government who oppose him, to aim toward a greater good for all mankind.
John Barrymore, mere months away from death, rehearses for a revival of his 1920 Broadway triumph in Richard III in 1942.
The history of Israel's military legal system in the Occupied Palestinian Territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
An emotionally damaged man tries to forget the past so he can find true love.
A young woman (Dree Hemingway) finds a fortune stashed in a yard-sale thermos and befriends the crotchety oldster (Besedka Johnson) from whom she bought it.
When James Bond's (Daniel Craig) latest assignment goes terribly wrong, it leads to a calamitous turn of events: Undercover agents around the world are exposed, and MI6 is attacked, forcing M (Judi Dench) to relocate the agency. With MI6 now compromised inside and out, M turns to the one man she can trust: Bond. Aided only by a field agent (Naomie Harris), Bond takes to the shadows and follows a trail to Silva (Javier Bardem), a man from M's past who wants to settle an old score.
James Balog and his team on the Extreme Ice Survey assemble a multiyear chronicle of the planet's rapidly melting glaciers.
A young queen falls in love with her physician, and they start a revolution that changes their nation forever.
Arcade-game character Wreck-It Ralph (John C. Reilly) is tired of always being the "bad guy" and losing to his "good guy" opponent, Fix-It Felix (Jack McBrayer). Finally, after decades of seeing all the glory go to Felix, Ralph decides to take matters into his own hands. He sets off on a game-hopping trip to prove that he has what it takes to be a hero. However, while on his quest, Ralph accidentally unleashes a deadly enemy that threatens the entire arcade.
Filmmaker Stacy Peralta looks back on his own career as a skateboarder and as manager of a talented team of skateboarders.
Veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan join an expedition to climb the 20,000 foot Himalayan giant Mount Lobuche.
Parallel stories revolve around a present-day disc jockey (Kevin Parent) and a single mother (Vanessa Paradis) in the 1960s.
Commercial airline pilot Whip Whitaker (Denzel Washington) has a problem with drugs and alcohol, though so far he's managed to complete his flights safely. His luck runs out when a disastrous mechanical malfunction sends his plane hurtling toward the ground. Whip pulls off a miraculous crash-landing that results in only six lives lost. Shaken to the core, Whip vows to get sober -- but when the crash investigation exposes his addiction, he finds himself in an even worse situation.
For 25 years, the Fugue, a string quartet, has wowed music-lovers with its skilled performances. However, as the musicians prepare to celebrate a milestone season together, cellist Peter (Christopher Walken) drops a bombshell on his comrades: he has Parkinson's disease and must soon retire. In the fallout from the shocking announcement, competing egos clash, long-simmering resentments bubble to the surface, and marital infidelity rears its ugly head.
Detroit firefighters save property and lives in a city that many have been written off as dead.
A teenager searching for love finds it in the boy next door.
The Dalai Lama brings 500 Tibetan leaders together to discuss policy toward China.
Filmmaker Ben Shapiro reveals the meticulous creative process of Gregory Crewdson as the acclaimed photographer shoots "Beneath the Roses," a magnum opus that took Crewdson nearly a decade to complete.
Certain creationist members of the Texas State Board of Education try to push forward their agenda by revising school textbooks to reflect their religious views.
A filmmaker chronicles teenager Kevin Laue's struggle to become the first one-armed player in the history of college basketball.
César is the superintendent of an apartment building and keeps very close tabs on the tenants. He secretly enjoys inflicting pain on others, and the occupant of apartment 5B will be his new target.
Complex repercussions face two families -- one Israeli, one Palestinian -- after learning that their sons (Jules Sitruk, Mehdi Dehbi) were accidentally switched at birth.
Celebrated Polish violinist Bronislaw Huberman saves musicians from the Nazis, then goes on to create what would become the Israeli Philharmonic.
Actors (Tom Hanks, Halle Berry, Jim Broadbent) take on multiple roles in an epic that spans five centuries. An attorney harbors a fleeing slave on a voyage from the Pacific Islands in 1849; a poor composer in pre-World War II Britain struggles to finish his magnum opus before a past act catches up with him; a genetically engineered worker in 2144 feels the forbidden stirring of human consciousness -- and so on. As souls are born and reborn, they renew their bonds to one another throughout time.
Filmmaker Unjoo Moon delves into the creative process of singer Tony Bennett as he records "Duets II" with Andrea Bocelli, Natalie Cole, Lady Gaga and others.
Though a childhood bout with polio left him dependent on an iron lung, Mark O'Brien (John Hawkes) maintains a career as a journalist and poet. A writing assignment dealing with sex and the disabled piques Mark's curiosity, and he decides to investigate the possibility of experiencing sex himself. When his overtures toward a caregiver (Annika Marks) scare her away, he books an appointment with sex surrogate Cheryl Cohen Green (Helen Hunt) to lose his virginity.
Cleaning out an apartment leads to unexpected discoveries and repressed family emotions coming to the surface.
Chess helps transforms a New York school into one of the city's best, but recession-driven budget cuts threaten to undermine the school's championship chess team.
Driven around Paris by a loyal driver (Édith Scob), a mysterious man (Denis Lavant) dresses up in costumes and plays a number of strange, semiscripted roles.
A cat burglar (Jung-jae Lee) and his gang are hired by a devious former partner (Kim Yun-seok) to steal a $20 million diamond from a Chinese gangster's mistress.
Filmmaker Ben Moses examines how certain leaders have risen to power and liberated their countries, only to become despots themselves.
Boozy writer Marty (Colin Farrell) is a man in search of a screenplay. He has a catchy title but no story to go along with it. Marty has a couple of oddball buddies, Hans (Christopher Walken) and Billy (Sam Rockwell), who make a living by kidnapping rich people's dogs, then returning them and collecting the reward. However this time, the fur flies when Hans and Billy kidnap the beloved pooch of a gangster (Woody Harrelson), and Marty uses the ensuing events as fodder for his screenplay.
A med student (Emayatzy Corinealdi) considers leaving her long-imprisoned husband (Omari Hardwick) for a charming bus driver (David Oyelowo).
A successful lawyer with a perfect life murders his wife's lover and assumes his identity. He flees to an isolated part of Yugoslavia where he gets another shot at being himself and seeing the big picture.
An older man and a younger woman explore politics and discover each other.
True-crime writer Ellison Oswald (Ethan Hawke) is in a slump; he hasn't had a best seller in more than 10 years and is becoming increasingly desperate for a hit. So, when he discovers the existence of a snuff film showing the deaths of a family, he vows to solve the mystery. He moves his own family into the victims' home and gets to work. However, when old film footage and other clues hint at the presence of a supernatural force, Ellison learns that living in the house may be fatal.
On Nov. 4, 1979, militants storm the U.S. embassy in Tehran, Iran, taking 66 American hostages. Amid the chaos, six Americans manage to slip away and find refuge with the Canadian ambassador. Knowing that it's just a matter of time before the refugees are found and likely executed, the U.S. government calls on extractor Tony Mendez (Ben Affleck) to rescue them. Mendez's plan is to pose as a Hollywood producer scouting locations in Iran and train the refugees to act as his "film" crew.
Los Angeles schoolteacher Kate (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) and her husband, Charlie (Aaron Paul), each have a drinking problem. Up to now, her life seems like one big, boozy party, but her latest drinking binge catches up to her at work, and she later spends the night alone on the street. Kate now realizes that she has hit rock bottom. She agrees to attend Alcoholics Anonymous meetings with the school's vice principal (Nick Offerman) and takes her first step on the challenging road to sobriety.
Filmmaker Sylvia Caminer takes a look at singer-actor Rick Springfield, who still enjoys a rabid fan following even though his heyday was in the 1980s.
Filmmakers Susan Froemke and Matthew Heineman use personal stories and expert analysis to diagnose serious problems in the U.S. healthcare system.
Young Victor Frankenstein (Charlie Tahan) is a science nerd and outsider at school, but he does have one good friend: his dog, Sparky. But then, tragedy strikes, and Sparky shuffles off this mortal coil. Victor is heartbroken, but his science teacher (Martin Landau) gives him an idea of how to jolt old Sparky back to life. The experiment is successful, and all goes well, until Victor's fellow students steal his secret and use it to resurrect other dead animals -- with monstrous consequences.
A tradition-minded Indian housewife (Sridevi) enrolls in an accelerated English-language course after she finds herself unable to place a simple order in an American restaurant.
A poor boy (Kacey Mottet Klein) steals from wealthy patrons at a posh ski resort to support himself and his irresponsible older sister (Léa Seydoux).
After finishing up the school term in a remote outback town, teacher John Grant (Gary Bond) looks forward to spending his holiday with his girlfriend in Sydney. But John gets waylaid in a mining town where a gambling spree leaves him completely broke. He quickly falls in with the hard-drinking locals, who constantly ply him with alcohol and force him to participate in a gruesome kangaroo hunt. Disgusted, John tries to hitchhike out of town and, when that fails, begins to contemplate suicide.
The death of his housekeeper's son inspires filmmaker Eugene Jarecki to add up the true cost of America's losing war on drugs.
College student Beca (Anna Kendrick) knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions.
A high-school dropout (Matt O'Leary) saves the life of an overweight, suicidal misfit (Jacob Wysocki) and asks him to co-found a new punk-rock duo.
In a future society, time-travel exists, but it's only available to those with the means to pay for it on the black market. When the mob wants to eliminate someone, it sends the target into the past, where a hit man known as a looper lies in wait to finish the job. Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) is one such hired gun, and he does his job well -- until the day his bosses decide to "close the loop" and send Joe's future self (Bruce Willis) back in time to be killed.
Filmmaker David Fisher and his siblings research their father's experiences during the Holocaust.
The story of Lithuania's 1992 Olympic basketball team whose athletes won the bronze medal.
Filmmaker Peter Nicks chronicles events at a public hospital's emergency room, where the overworked staff and many uninsured patients must cope with disease, injury, bureaucracy and hard choices.
Six exotic fables unfold in beautiful locations.
Mega City One is a vast, violent metropolis where felons rule the streets. The only law lies with cops called "judges," who act as judge, jury and executioner, and Dredd (Karl Urban) is one of the city's most feared. One day, Dredd is partnered with Cassandra (Olivia Thirlby), a rookie with powerful psychic abilities. A report of a terrible crime sends Dredd and Cassandra to a dangerous area controlled by Ma-Ma (Lena Headey), a drug lord who will stop at nothing to protect her empire.
In the late 1980s, members of Act-Up and other AIDS activists battle indifference and hostility to bring attention to the disease and play a huge role in reducing the number of AIDS-related fatalities in the U.S.
The story of the legendary editor of "Harper's Bazaar" and "Vogue."
Though it places his own life in danger, a look-alike commoner (Lee Byung-Hun) secretly takes the place of a poisoned king to save his country from falling into chaos.
Socially awkward teen Charlie (Logan Lerman) is a wallflower, always watching life from the sidelines, until two charismatic students become his mentors. Free-spirited Sam (Emma Watson) and her stepbrother Patrick (Ezra Miller) help Charlie discover the joys of friendship, first love, music and more, while a teacher sparks Charlie's dreams of becoming a writer. However, as his new friends prepare to leave for college, Charlie's inner sadness threatens to shatter his newfound confidence.
Samantha has a storybook life then loses her faith when her husband is killed in a senseless act of violence. Sam's faith reignites when she meets a childhood friend who cares for children in his under-resourced neighborhood.
Filmmaker Kevin Miller explores people's views on hell and what those views reveal about their perceptions of God, justice, the Bible and themselves.
Longtime LAPD partners and friends, Brian Taylor (Jake Gyllenhaal) and Mike Zavala (Michael Peña) patrol one of the most dangerous neighborhoods in Los Angeles. Though they may bend the rules, their honor and dedication to the job are unquestioned. Taylor and Zavala always have each other's back, even if Taylor's surreptitious filming of their daily activities for a college course is a bit ill-advised. All hell breaks loose for the officers when they run afoul of a vicious Mexican cartel.
The British rock group's 1986 tour includes "We Will Rock You," "Bohemian Rhapsody," "We Are the Champions."
Bob Fass became a New York City disc jockey who used his radio show to pioneer free expression on the airwaves.
Shruti loves Barfi, a hearing and speech-impaired man, but marries someone else. Years later, she learns that he is in love with an autistic girl, and feels the need to rethink her own marriage.
A New York college adviser (Josh Radnor) becomes involved with a student (Elizabeth Olsen) when he returns to his alma mater in Ohio for a favorite professor's (Richard Jenkins) retirement party.
After their daughter announces her engagement, two former spouses (Lea Thompson, John Shea) have a reunion dinner and discover that a sexual spark still smolders between them.
As he approaches his 60th birthday, New York hedge-fund magnate Robert Miller (Richard Gere) is the picture of success -- at least on the surface. In reality, Miller is in over his head, trying desperately to sell his empire to a big bank before the authorities and his family uncover the depth of his fraud. Unexpectedly, a critical error forces Miller to juggle family, business and crime with the aid of a former associate, but a detective's (Tim Roth) suspicions mean it may already be too late.
Freddie Quell (Joaquin Phoenix) is a troubled, boozy drifter struggling with the trauma of World War II and whatever inner demons ruled his life before that. On a fateful night in 1950, Freddie boards a passing boat and meets Lancaster Dodd (Philip Seymour Hoffman), the charismatic leader of a religious movement called the Cause. Freddie tries hard to adhere to Dodd's weird teachings and forms a close bond with his mentor, even as other members of Dodd's inner circle see him as a threat.
A lesbian couple escape from their nursing home and drive to Canada to get married.
Filmmaker Neil Berkeley documents the life and times of American artist Wayne White.
A teddy bear, a mechanical mouse and a marionette join forces to save their kidnapped friend, Buttercup the doll, from the denizens of the Land of Evil.
Substance abuse and emotional and physical distance threaten the relationship between a gay filmmaker (Thure Lindhardt) and his longtime lover (Zachary Booth).
Filmmakers Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady examine the decline of Detroit and the stalwart residents who remain in the once-thriving city.
Using hidden cameras, filmmaker Mads Brugger exposes the ease with which he obtained a fake passport and smuggled blood diamonds out of the Central African Republic.
In 1931, the Bondurant brothers of Franklin County, Va., run a multipurpose backwoods establishment that hides their true business, bootlegging. Middle brother Forrest (Tom Hardy) is the brain of the operation; older Howard (Jason Clarke) is the brawn, and younger Jack (Shia LaBeouf), the lookout. Though the local police have taken bribes and left the brothers alone, a violent war erupts when a sadistic lawman (Guy Pearce) from Chicago arrives and tries to shut down the Bondurants operation.
Anxiety over his stalled career and outside pressure to marry his longtime lover (Lauren Ambrose) push a commitment-shy comic (Mike Birbiglia) to sleepwalk.
For bike messenger Wilee (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), dodging speeding cars, evading crazy cabdrivers, and blowing by millions of cranky pedestrians is all in a day's work. Wilee is one of the best in a dangerous job, and his bike of choice is a Fixie, a lightweight, single-gear unit without brakes. Though Wilee knows that one day he may end up as a smear on the pavement -- he is unprepared for what happens after his last run of the day turns into a life-or-death chase through Manhattan.
Life in a neighborhood in Recife, Brazil, takes a turn for the better when a security firm moves in and brings a sense of safety to the residents.
Filmmaker Linda Goldstein Knowlton chronicles the experiences of four Chinese girls who were adopted by American families.
Filmmaker Ron Fricke creates a global travelogue with pictures and music, exploring the Himalayas, the American Southwest, European cathedrals, and other beautiful sites.
In the annual Extreme Mustang Makeover Challenge in Fort Worth, professional and amateur horsemen try to train mustangs in just 100 days.
A 38-year-old bodybuilder takes a trip to Thailand to find a woman to marry.
An aging, cantankerous ex-cat burglar (Frank Langella) finds his zest for life renewed when he trains his robotic caretaker to help him commit heists.
Young Norman Babcock (Kodi Smit-McPhee) has the ability to speak with the dead -- and he often prefers their company to that of the living. Norman receives word from his strange Uncle Prenderghast (John Goodman) that a centuries-old witch's curse on their town is real and about to come true -- and that only Norman can stop it. When zombies rise from their graves, Norman must summon all his courage and compassion and push his paranormal abilities to the limit to save his fellow townspeople.
A fast-food worker (Dreama Walker) who's accused of theft is put through the wringer as her boss (Ann Dowd), at the direction of a phone caller who says he's a cop, subjects her to increasingly harsh forms of interrogation.
Directors James Cameron, David Fincher, Martin Scorsese, Christopher Nolan and others discuss digital technology's impact on filmmaking.
When his beloved violin is broken, famed musician Nasser Ali Khan (Mathieu Amalric) loses the will to live. Unable to find a replacement for the instrument, Nasser decides to retreat to his bed and await death. As he waits, Nasser plunges deep into reverie and experiences dreams both joyous and melancholic. He speaks with Azrael (Édouard Baer), the Angel of Death, who reveals the future of Nasser's children. As pieces of a puzzle fall together, the poignant secret of Nasser's life emerges.
Mercenary leader Barney Ross (Sylvester Stallone), Lee Christmas (Jason Statham) and the rest of the Expendables team reunite when Mr. Church (Bruce Willis) hires them for a seemingly easy job. But things go terribly wrong, compelling the mercenaries to seek revenge for a comrade's murder. With the odds against them, Barney and his team are hell-bent on payback and cut a path of destruction through opposing forces, only to encounter an unexpected threat: six pounds of weapons-grade plutonium.
Contestants from all walks of life prepare for the Toastmasters World Championship of Public Speaking in Calgary, Alberta.
Identical twin sisters worked as prostitutes in Amsterdam's red-light district for more than 40 years and ran their own independent brothel.
Sushi, a once-expensive delicacy, has become more common and affordable, and the world's hunger for the Japanese cuisine is having a potentially devastating effect on ocean ecosystems.
Carol Morley chronicles the life of Joyce Vincent, an elderly woman who died at home and was left there for three years.
Longtime sweethearts Celeste (Rashida Jones) and Jesse (Andy Samberg) married young, but are now drifting apart. Celeste is an ambitious business owner, while Jesse has a more laid-back attitude toward life and work. Celeste wants a divorce and believes that she and Jesse can remain friends. Jesse passively goes along with her plans, even though he is still in love with her. However, as the reality of their separation sinks in, Celeste begins to have second thoughts.
Scottish landowners go head-to-head with billionaire Donald Trump to prevent construction of a golf resort on an environmentally sensitive stretch of coastline.
Two Chicana high schoolers, Mari (Venecia Troncoso) and Yolanda (Fenessa Pineda), form a bond that confuses them at times.
Swedish filmmaker Fredrik Gertten is sued by a food company after he shows a scathing documentary.
A man takes his girlfriend's son on a canoe trip to prove to her that he's dad material, but the man's buddy wants to use the opportunity to bed as many women as he can find.
Alison Klayman documents the life and work of Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei. She showcases his artistic process as he prepares for a museum exhibition, his relationships with family members and his clashes with the government.
Though he faded into obscurity in the U.S., an early '70s musician known as Rodriguez became a huge hit in South Africa and was widely rumored to have died. Two obsessed fans set out to learn the man's true fate.
A cop (Matthew McConaughey) who moonlights as a hit man agrees to kill the hated mother of a desperate drug dealer (Emile Hirsch) in exchange for a tumble with the young man's virginal sister (Juno Temple).
After the death of his wife (Bojana Novakovic), a father (Matthew Goode) gives in to grief and anger and uses casual sex to cope with his pain.
Young author Calvin Weir-Fields (Paul Dano), once a literary darling, is having trouble composing his next novel. Following a therapist's advice, Calvin pulls out an old manual typewriter and creates a vivacious, flame-haired woman he dubs Ruby Sparks (Zoe Kazan). Overnight, Ruby leaps from the page into Calvin's home as a real flesh-and-blood woman. And, what's more, she's unaware that she's actually a fictional character and that her actions and feelings are dictated by whatever Calvin writes.
A deaf-blind poet and his devoted wife share a rich life together and communicate with a touch-based form of Braille.
It has been eight years since Batman (Christian Bale), in collusion with Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman), vanished into the night. Assuming responsibility for the death of Harvey Dent, Batman sacrificed everything for what he and Gordon hoped would be the greater good. However, the arrival of a cunning cat burglar (Anne Hathaway) and a merciless terrorist named Bane (Tom Hardy) force Batman out of exile and into a battle he may not be able to win.
The 2008 global economic crisis threatens the fortune of Florida billionaires David and Jackie Siegel just as they are in the middle of building a 90,000 square-foot estate.
A Frenchman feels torn between honor and his love for his daughter when she gets into trouble with the wealthy son of a shopkeeper.
A samurai (Ebizô Ichikawa) asks permission to commit ritual suicide in the courtyard of a prominent feudal lord and hears the gruesome tale of what happened to a comrade who made a similar request several months earlier.
LCD Soundsystem prepares for their biggest concert at Madison Square Garden.
Two Dominican baseball players face challenges as they try to make it to the Major Leagues.
Filmmaker Bart Layton chronicles the tale of Frederic Bourdin, a con artist who seemingly tricked a Texas family into believing he was a relative who disappeared years earlier.
Business student JW (Joel Kinnaman), who likes to rub elbows with the wealthy, loves a sexy heiress, so to maintain that lifestyle, he takes up a life of crime. Jorge (Matias Varela) is a petty crook who's on the run from the police and Serbian mobsters. Mob hit man Mrado (Dragomir Mrsic) is hunting for Jorge but must care for his young daughter at the same time. As JW sinks deeper into the criminal world, all three men become entangled in a mutual fate.
A playwright (Martin Donovan) in the grip of a creative funk is taken hostage by his mother's loopy neighbor (David Morse).
With the help of a dedicated coach, two teenagers in rural China hope to become successful professional boxers and escape from their impoverished environment.
Filmmakers Dan Cutforth and Jane Lipsitz follow wildly popular singer Katy Perry during her yearlong California Dreams tour. During 124 sold-out shows in arenas around the world, the constant camera presence creates both a front-row seat and a backstage pass as Perry performs for thousands of fans, then returns to the reality of her everyday life. Interviews with family and friends complete the picture, as Perry gives her all onstage, then faces the pressing personal challenges that await.
Abandoned by his parents and raised by an aunt and uncle, teenager Peter Parker (Andrew Garfield), AKA Spider-Man, is trying to sort out who he is and exactly what his feelings are for his first crush, Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone). When Peter finds a mysterious briefcase that was his father's, he pursues a quest to solve his parents' disappearance. His search takes him to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors (Rhys Ifans), setting him on a collision course with Connors' alter ego, the Lizard.
A young boy (Tom Russell) and his wanted father (Hugo Weaving) travel across Australia.
By day, Mike (Channing Tatum) makes ends meet any way he can -- handyman jobs, detailing cars or designing furniture. But nighttime is when Mike really gets to display his many talents: He's the hot headliner in an all-male revue. Mike sees potential in a 19-year-old he dubs the Kid (Alex Pettyfer), takes the teen under his wing and instructs him in the tricks of the trade. However, Mike learns there's a downside to the stripper lifestyle when it threatens his romance with the Kid's sister.
When John Bennett (Mark Wahlberg) was a little boy, he made a wish that Ted (Seth MacFarlane), his beloved teddy bear, would come alive. Thirty years later, foul-mouthed Ted is still John's constant companion, much to the chagrin of Lori (Mila Kunis), John's girlfriend. Though Lori's displeasure is exacerbated by the pair's constant consumption of beer and weed, she's not the one who's most disappointed with John; it may take the intervention of John's boyhood toy to help him grow up at last.
Six-year-old Hushpuppy (Quvenzhané Wallis) lives with her father, Wink (Dwight Henry), in a remote Delta community. Wink is a stern taskmaster, but he is preparing his young daughter for the end of the world. When Wink falls mysteriously ill, nature seems to fall ill with him. Temperatures rise, the ice caps melt and fearsome prehistoric beasts called aurochs run loose. Rising waters threaten to engulf their community, sending Hushpuppy in search of her long-lost mother.
A filmmaker explores the ever-increasing incidents of violent sexual assault within the U.S. military.
Merida (Kelly Macdonald), the impetuous but courageous daughter of Scottish King Fergus (Billy Connolly) and Queen Elinor (Emma Thompson), is a skilled archer who wants to carve out her own path in life. Her defiance of an age-old tradition angers the Highland lords and leads to chaos in the kingdom. Merida seeks help from an eccentric witch (Julie Walters), who grants her an ill-fated wish. Now, Merida must discover the true meaning of courage and undo a beastly curse before it's too late.
Lapsed Hindu Vikram Gandhi conducts an experiment, in which he poses as a guru and attracts a number of devotees, but unexpectedly finds that his followers are receiving genuine benefits from his deception.
A man (Mark Duplass) falls into bed with his best friend's (Emily Blunt) sister (Rosemarie DeWitt), leading to an unexpected love triangle when his friend arrives the next day.
Ice-T travels coast to coast interviewing rap performers such as Q-Tip, Common and Kanye West to pay tribute to the musical art form.
Performance artist Marina Abramovic prepares for a major retrospective of her work at the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
Animal pals Alex (Ben Stiller), Marty (Chris Rock), Melman (David Schwimmer) and Gloria (Jada Pinkett Smith) are still trying to make it back to New York's Central Park Zoo. They are forced to take a detour to Europe to find the penguins and chimps who broke the bank at a Monte Carlo casino. When French animal-control officer Capitaine Chantel DuBois (Frances McDormand) picks up their scent, Alex and company are forced to hide out in a traveling circus.
A disaffected magazine intern (Aubrey Plaza) befriends an unusual guy (Mark Duplass), who is looking for a partner to accompany him on a trip back through time.
The discovery of a clue to mankind's origins on Earth leads a team of explorers to the darkest parts of the universe. Two brilliant young scientists lead the expedition. Shaw (Noomi Rapace) hopes that they will meet a race of benevolent, godlike beings who will in some way verify her religious beliefs, while Holloway (Logan Marshall-Green) is out to debunk any spiritual notions. However, neither the scientists nor their shipmates are prepared for the unimaginable terrors that await them.
Filmmaker and longtime fan Stephen Kessler's portrait of the award-winning 1970s singer-songwriter-actor, who disappeared for much of the 1980s and '90s, but still performs today.
A girl, struck mute by the trauma of her father's death, follows her pet cat across the Parisian rooftops and discovers that the animal has been working as a burglar's accomplice.
Filmmaker Léa Pool sheds light on how the fight against breast cancer has led to a financial windfall for certain corporations and marketing firms.
Determined to live a lie no longer, acclaimed country singer Chely Wright comes out as a lesbian in 2010.
Rita, a photographer, arrives in Jotuomba intent on capturing the village's special allure on film. While there, she learns how to make bread from Madalena and is welcomed until she asks about the locked cemetery.
After a classmate (Xavier Samuel) declines her invitation to the school dance, a teenager (Robin McLeavy) kidnaps him and makes him the guest of honor at her own twisted prom.
Beginning in 2005, Palestinian Emad Burnet records his village's resistance to the encroachment of Israeli settlements.
Anders takes a day off from drug treatment to see friends and look for a job.
An unlikely friendship develops between a wealthy quadriplegic (François Cluzet) and his caretaker (Omar Sy), just released from prison.
The year is 1965, and the residents of New Penzance, an island off the coast of New England, inhabit a community that seems untouched by some of the bad things going on in the rest of the world. Twelve-year-olds Sam (Jared Gilman) and Suzy (Kara Hayward) have fallen in love and decide to run away. But a violent storm is approaching the island, forcing a group of quirky adults (Bruce Willis, Edward Norton, Bill Murray) to mobilize a search party and find the youths before calamity strikes.
Even though agents J (Will Smith) and K (Tommy Lee Jones) have been protecting the Earth from alien scum for many years, J still does not know much about his gruff partner. However, J soon gets an unexpected chance to find out what makes K tick when an alien criminal called Boris the Animal (Jemaine Clement) escapes, goes back to 1969, and kills K. With the fate of the planet at stake, J goes back in time and teams up with K's younger self (Josh Brolin) to put things right.
A Labrador retriever named Quill begins specialized training as a guide dog from an early age, then the canine is paired with a blind man who is initially reluctant to rely on his new partner.
Parisian cops (Karin Viard, Joeystarr, Marina Foïs) cope with their personal problems while battling crimes against children.
Indie game developers create games and release them to the world.
Vladimir is reaching the end of his life and decides to leave his wealth to his only daughter, cutting out his wife and her son from his will.
A pair of aimless scam artists (Jason Ritter, Jake Sandvig) in Los Angeles learn about responsibility when a neighbor's abandoned boy (Chandler Canterbury) enters their lives.
The original, unedited interview with Steve Jobs, conducted in 1995 by tech journalist and former Apple Inc. employee Robert X. Cringely when Jobs was still CEO of NeXT Computer and Pixar.
A young African-American man from the oppressive streets rises to be a star on Wall Street. He soon finds out the white collar world is filled with crime and death just like the hood he left behind.
Egon Schiele's "Portrait of Wally," a painting stolen by Nazis, hung in the Museum of Modern Art until a historic lawsuit put it back in the hands of its rightful owners.
Fed up with the cruelty and stupidity of American culture, an unlikely duo (Joel Murray, Tara Lynne Barr) team up to whack reality TV stars, bigots and others they find repugnant.
Forced to live apart due to their parents' separation, a sixth-grader (Koki Maeda) and his younger brother (Ohshiro Maeda) hatch a complicated plan to reunite their family.
A novelist (Jean-Paul Rouve) investigates the apparent suicide of a Marilyn Monroe look-alike (Sophie Quinton) who believed herself to be the reincarnation of the legendary movie star.
A corrupt cop (Tomer Sisley) scours the crawlspaces and corridors of a nightclub in search of a stolen bag of cocaine in order to save his son from a vengeful crime boss.
This documentary traces an immensely respected author's account of a walk through Suffolk.
Six young ballet students, all from different backgrounds, prepare for the Youth America Grand Prix, a competition in which dance schools and companies from around the world scout for new talent.
After his partner dies in a car accident, a gay man (Patrick Wang) must fight for custody of the boy (Sebastian Brodziak) he's come to love as his own son.
When Thor's evil brother, Loki (Tom Hiddleston), gains access to the unlimited power of the energy cube called the Tesseract, Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson), director of S.H.I.E.L.D., initiates a superhero recruitment effort to defeat the unprecedented threat to Earth. Joining Fury's "dream team" are Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), Captain America (Chris Evans), the Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), Thor (Chris Hemsworth), the Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner).
Some British retirees (Judi Dench, Maggie Smith, Bill Nighy) decide to outsource their retirement to exotic -- and less expensive -- India. Lured by advertisements for the newly restored Marigold Hotel and imagining a life of leisure in lush surroundings, they arrive and find that the Marigold is actually a shell of its former self. Though their new home is not quite what they had imagined, the retirees find that life and love can begin again when they let go of their pasts.
Erin Brockovich, Robert Glennon and Jay Famiglietti are among those interviewed in Jessica Yu's investigation of the world's looming water shortage.
A corporate recruiter (Aksel Hennie), who moonlights as an art thief, plans to steal a valuable painting from the perfect candidate (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau) for a job he needs to fill.
A street performer (Chris Messina) and an unemployed woman (Jenna Fischer), who's under constant pressure from her sister, help each other realize that it only takes a single person to engender someone's self-worth.
Assistant funeral director Bernie Tiede (Jack Black) is one of the most-beloved residents in the small Texas town of Carthage. Sunday-school teacher, choir member and creator of spectacular funerals, Bernie is a friend to everyone, including Marjorie Nugent (Shirley MacLaine), a rich but nasty widow whom no one else likes. When Marjorie is found shot to death and stuffed in a freezer, Bernie is charged with the murder, and concerned Carthage citizens immediately spring to his defense.
Prostitutes from around the world discuss their profession.
The life of Booker Wright, a black waiter during the 1960s civil-rights movement.
In 1930 Taiwan, Mouna Rudo, a Seediq tribal leader, forms a coalition with the island's other tribes to rise up against their Japanese colonial masters.
California couple Peter (Christopher Denham) and Lorna (Nicole Vicius) set out to make a documentary meant to expose a charismatic cult leader named Maggie (Brit Marling) as a fraud. Maggie claims to be from the year 2054 and is seemingly allergic to almost everything in her environment; she lives in a basement, subsisting on canned oxygen, homegrown food and the blood of her acolytes. Though at first, Peter and Lorna are adamant that Maggie is a fake, they both soon fall under her spell.
Deep in an African forest lives a family of chimpanzees, including a baby named Oscar. Displaying the playful curiosity and ingenuity of fellow primates, Oscar and his family navigate the forest's complex territory with relative ease. Usually, the world is a playground for Oscar and his young comrades, but when his family encounters a rival band of chimps, he is left to fend for himself. However, a surprising ally steps in and changes Oscar's life forever.
Filmmakers Michael Tucker and Petra Epperlein turn a spotlight on mixed martial arts and the lives of several Lousiana-based fighters.
With ice melting in their Arctic environment, a polar bear and her two cubs do what they can to adapt and survive.
The life story of musician, revolutionary and legend Bob Marley, from the early days to international superstardom. Features rare footage, performances and interviews.
A 15-year-old (Lola Créton) discovers the joys and heartaches of first love with an older teen (Sebastian Urzendowsky), but in the ensuing years, cannot seem to move past their breakup.
A filmmaker (Yu Jun-sang) wanders aimlessly around Seoul when the friend he was supposed to meet does not show up.
Noam Chomsky, Joseph Stiglitz and 21 other leading thinkers discuss how the world works and talk about solutions to the failed systems that relegate billions to poverty and insecurity.
Patty Schemel, the drummer for the band Hole, chronicles the infamous "Live Through This" tour, with previously unseen footage of Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love.
A film producer (Andy Lau) helps care for his family's lifelong servant (Deanie Ip) after she suffers a stroke and must move into a nursing home.
When five college friends (Kristen Connolly, Chris Hemsworth, Anna Hutchison, Fran Kranz, Jesse Williams) arrive at a remote forest cabin for a little vacation, little do they expect the horrors that await them. One by one, the youths fall victim to backwoods zombies, but there is another factor at play. Two scientists (Richard Jenkins, Bradley Whitford) are manipulating the ghoulish goings-on, but even as the body count rises, there is yet more at work than meets the eye.
Filmmaker Lee Hirsch examines five cases of youths who endure vicious persecution at the hands of their peers. Ja'meye, 14, winds up in reform school after pulling a gun on the youths who tormented her for years. Cameras record the abuse suffered by 14-year-old Alex as he's beaten and teased on the bus. Star athlete Kelby, 16, is ostracized and worse after she comes out as lesbian. Most tragic of all, two boys, one 17 and one 12, commit suicide to escape the torture.
A recent emigrant (Fellag) of Algeria takes over a Canadian classroom after a teacher's tragic death.
During Chile's 1973 military coup, a coroner's assistant (Alfredo Castro) becomes drawn to a showgirl (Antonia Zegers) who lives nearby.
A shadowy corporation sends a mercenary (Willem Dafoe) to Tasmania to track down a nearly extinct tiger whose genetic code holds the secret to a dangerous weapon.
Interviews with Joss Whedon, Stan Lee and others are included in filmmaker Morgan Spurlock's journey into the pop-culture fan mecca known as Comic-Con.
Stephen Hawking, Jane Goodall, Margaret Atwood and others weigh in with their thoughts on whether the pitfalls of progress could actually destroy civilization instead of help it.
The filmmaker documents life in the world's second-most-isolated country.
Yoshihiro Tatsumi works as a comic-book artist in post-World War II Japan.
Though a misfit among his brainy family members, Massachusetts bouncer Doug Glatt (Seann William Scott) has a knockout punch that lands him a spot on a minor-league Canadian hockey team.
Mohamed Nasheed, president of the Maldive Islands, works tirelessly to save his country from the ravages of global climate change.
A rookie member of an elite team of commandos, Rama (Iko Uwais) is instructed to hang back while his comrades-in-arms go ahead with their mission to take down a brutal crime lord called Tama (Ray Sahetapy). However, the team's cover is blown, and Tama offers sanctuary to every criminal in his high-rise apartment block in exchange for the cops' heads. Now Rama must take command and lead his remaining team on an ultraviolent charge through the building to complete -- and survive -- the mission.
In what was once North America, the Capitol of Panem maintains its hold on its 12 districts by forcing them each to select a boy and a girl, called Tributes, to compete in a nationally televised event called the Hunger Games. Every citizen must watch as the youths fight to the death until only one remains. District 12 Tribute Katniss Everdeen (Jennifer Lawrence) has little to rely on, other than her hunting skills and sharp instincts, in an arena where she must weigh survival against love.
Teens navigate an uncertain future as they prepare to enter college.
When the dead rise and attack the living, Juan starts a zombie-killing business, until he has to save his small band from being eaten.
When Jeff (Jason Segel) leaves his mother's basement to buy wood glue at the store, he looks for signs from the universe to determine his path. However, a series of unexpected and amusing events leads him to cross paths with his family, especially his brother (Ed Helms), in the strangest of circumstances and locations. If Jeff is very lucky and universally blessed, he will find the meaning of his life... and remember to buy the wood glue as well.
When cops Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum) join the secret Jump Street unit, they use their youthful appearances to go under cover as high-school students. They trade in their guns and badges for backpacks, and set out to shut down a dangerous drug ring. But, as time goes on, Schmidt and Jenko discover that high school is nothing like it was just a few years earlier -- and, what's more, they must again confront the teenage terror and anxiety they thought they had left behind.
Abandoned by his father, a young boy (Thomas Doret) begins to act out in anger, despite the best efforts of his kindhearted caretaker (Cécile de France).
An Algerian emigrant in Paris during World War II is inspired to join the French Resistance when he becomes friends with a Jewish man.
Upon learning that her dying husband has a 23-year-old illegitimate son, a Texas housewife (Rachael Harris) sets out to find the young man and bring him back to meet his father.
Filmmaker Corinna Belz observes the artist at work in his studio and discusses his career with members of the press and the art world.
High school students prepare for the Drama Teachers Association of Southern California Shakespeare Competition.
A tone-deaf, music-hating cop (Bengt Nilsson) tries to track down a group of guerrilla percussionists who are inundating the city with their anarchic concerts.
Dr. Alfred Jones (Ewan McGregor) is a fisheries scientist who one day receives an unusual request: A businesswoman named Harriet Chetwode-Talbot (Emily Blunt) wants his help in fulfilling a wealthy sheik's (Amr Waked) request to bring sport fishing to Yemen. Jones declines at first, but when the British prime minister's spokeswoman latches on to the project as a way to improve Middle East relations, he joins in. Romance blooms as Jones and Harriet work to make the sheik's dream come true.
Revered sushi chef Jiro Ono strives for perfection in his work, while his eldest son, Yoshikazu, has trouble living up to his father's legacy.
Talmud scholar Eliezer Shkolnik (Shlomo Bar-Aba) has worked in obscurity at Jerusalem's Hebrew University. In contrast, Eliezer's son, Uriel (Lior Ashkenazi), also an academic, has published many books and received numerous accolades. Eliezer looks down on his son's achievements and pursuit of fame, and so the pair have a rocky relationship. Their rivalry comes to a head when Eliezer receives word that, at long last, he is the recipient of the prestigious Israeli Prize.
A hoodlum (Chow Yun-Fat) feels threatened by his town's new governor (Wen Jiang), who is really a bandit in disguise.
A charismatic but violent predator (Daniel Henshall) takes his girlfriend's teenage son (Lucas Pittaway) under his wing and makes him an accomplice in a murder spree.
Bobby Liebling, lead singer of the rock band Pentagram, battles personal demons, including drug addiction.
The works of Rembrandt, Goya, Picasso and others are on display, as three artists and a master printer discuss the dynamic sequences of social reality and protest.
A New Zealand youth (James Rolleston) finds that his father (Taika Waititi) is a far cry from the heroic adventurer he's imagined the man to be.
Having grown up during the height of apartheid in South Africa, poet Ingrid Jonker searches for love and a new home.
Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi makes a video diary with his phone in response to his government's threats against him.
After his father and uncle kill a neighbor, an Albanian teen (Tristan Halilaj) finds that his own life may be forfeited in a legal blood feud.
Two teenage best friends cause a tragic accident with another boy and weave a web of lies to avoid taking responsibility.
A Flemish cattleman (Matthias Schoenaerts) is wary of going into business with a notorious dealer (Sam Louwyck) of illegal bovine-growth hormone.
Since its founding in 1899, Manassas High School in North Memphis has never had a football team win a playoff game. In 2004, former high-school coach Bill Courtney offers to help turn the Manassas Tigers around. Nurturing his players' physical and emotional strengths, Courtney's efforts pay off in 2009, when the Tigers, led by their star player O.C., seem to have a chance to break their school's 110-year losing streak and finally win a playoff game.
Masha Drokova, a member of the pro-Vladimir Putin youth movement known as Nashi, begins to have a change of heart about the Russian president and her organization.
A tiny teen (Saoirse Ronan) and her family live under a house's floorboards and survive by borrowing items from the home's human inhabitants.
Two second cousins recall shared memories of companionship and sexual awakening.
After accidentally shooting a 12-year-old boy, a dedicated cop is removed from his position. Forced to take work at a local cinema and beginning to lose his eyesight, he struggles to provide for his son.
A monumental windstorm and an abused horse's refusal to work or eat signals the beginning of the end for a poor farmer and his daughter.
A Cuban pianist becomes smitten with a sultry singer, leading to a passionate but star-crossed romance that reaches across six decades.
Leopold Socha (Robert Wieckiewicz) is a sewer worker in Nazi-occupied Lvov, Poland. When he finds a group of Jews hiding in the sewers, Leopold agrees to protect them from the Nazis in exchange for money, even though it could mean his death if they are found. Though he is solely motivated by cash at first, their experiences lead Leopold to adopt a different view of the people under his protection. When catastrophe strikes, Leopold is forced into a final act of courage.
Martial artists, athletes, actors, directors, and producers discuss the legacy of Bruce Lee.
Bill Morrison creates a portrait of a vanished way of life in a community in northeastern England.
Filmmaker Adam Pesce examines the evolution and impact of surfing in a village in Papua New Guinea as residents prepare for their first-ever national surfing championship.
A woman (Clara Lago) accidentally becomes trapped in her new home's panic room while trying to spy on her boyfriend (Quim Gutiérrez).
Andrew (Dane DeHaan) is a socially awkward, introverted teen whose main form of escape and expression is a video camera. But things begin to change when Andrew, his cousin Matt (Alex Russell) and popular classmate Steve (Michael B. Jordan) discover a mysterious substance that leaves them with incredible powers. As their abilities become more powerful, the teens' lives spin out of control when their darker sides begin to emerge. Andrew's camera captures the unfolding events.
Adam Carlson (John Krasinski), a reporter based in a small town in northern Alaska, can't wait to land a job in a bigger market. Then, the story of a lifetime practically lands in his lap: A family of gray whales is discovered near the Arctic Circle, trapped by rapidly forming ice. Along with the descending media comes Rachel Kramer (Drew Barrymore), an environmental activist and Adam's ex-lover. Together, they try to rally an international coalition to save the whales before it's too late.
The idyllic life of a French couple (Valérie Donzelli, Jérémie Elkaïm) shatters when they learn that their young son has a brain tumor.
Following a grueling five-week shift at an Alaskan oil refinery, workers led by sharpshooter John Ottway (Liam Neeson) are flying home for a much-needed vacation. A brutal storm causes their plane to crash in the frozen wilderness, and only eight men (Frank Grillo, Dermot Mulroney), including Ottway, survive. As they trek southward toward civilization and safety, Ottway and his companions must battle mortal injuries, the icy elements, and a pack of hungry wolves.
The final battle of the Korean War determines the border between the North and the South.
Barbara Walters, Debbie Reynolds, Lily Tomlin and others pay tribute to the life and career of iconic musical-comedy star Carol Channing.
The Elric brothers become involved in a rebellion in the slums of Milos Valley.
A young woman dreams of becoming a beauty contest queen in Mexico.
Filmmaker Chad Freidrichs examines the development and failure of a 1950s housing estate in St. Louis.
Eva Khatchadourian (Tilda Swinton) is a travel writer/publisher who gives up her beloved freedom and bohemian lifestyle to have a child with her husband, Franklin (John C. Reilly). Pregnancy does not seem to agree with Eva, but what's worse, when she does give birth to a baby boy named Kevin, she can't seem to bond with him. When Kevin grows from a fussy, demanding toddler (Rocky Duer) into a sociopathic teen (Ezra Miller), Eva is forced to deal with the aftermath of her son's horrific act.
A vigilante tracks down a depraved serial killer.
Harry Belafonte rises to fame, becoming an acclaimed singer and actor, and working tenaciously throughout his career as a social activist.
Tensions rise as a group of Turkish officials and civilians conduct a nighttime search for a buried homicide victim.
Robert Forster, Sybil Danning, Bo Derek, Tobe Hooper and others help filmmaker Mark Hartley recount the rise and fall of Cannon Films, the studio behind such schlock films as "The Apple" and "King Solomon's Mines."
Bruce Wayne (Peter Weller), now 55-years-old, comes out of retirement to don the cape and cowl. As Batman, he fights his old enemies, the Joker and Two-Face, for the final time. Then, an old ally arrives and is looking for one last fight.
When Nader (Payman Maadi), a bank employee, refuses to leave Tehran, his wife, Simin (Leila Hatami) sues for divorce in the hope that she can make a better life for their young daughter abroad. Needing someone to care for his senile father while he's at work, Nader hires Razieh (Sareh Bayat), a married woman whose chador hides her pregnancy. One day, after becoming angry with Razieh, Nader shoves her, and she has a miscarriage, leading Razieh's husband to take Nader to court.
Teenage Alike (Adepero Oduye) lives in Brooklyn's Fort Greene neighborhood with her parents (Charles Parnell, Kim Wayans) and younger sister (Sahra Mellesse). A lesbian, Alike quietly embraces her identity and is looking for her first lover, but she wonders how much she can truly confide in her family, especially with her parents' marriage already strained. When Alike's mother presses her to befriend a colleague's daughter (Aasha Davis), Alike finds the gal to be a pleasant companion.
Albert (Jeremy Irvine) and his beloved horse, Joey, live on a farm in the British countryside. At the outbreak of World War I, Albert and Joey are forcibly parted when Albert's father sells the horse to the British cavalry. Against the backdrop of the Great War, Joey begins an odyssey full of danger, joy and sorrow, and he transforms everyone he meets along the way. Meanwhile Albert, unable to forget his equine friend, searches the battlefields of France to find Joey and bring him home.
Filmmaker Wim Wenders films dancers in motion as a tribute to legendary choreographer Pina Bausch, who died in 2009.
A cat wandering across the roofs of a small Dutch town eats some garbage and is suddenly transformed into a human woman who decides to call herself Minoes (Carice van Houten). She meets a journalist named Tibbe (Theo Maassen), who is investigating a nefarious plot in the village involving a bogus animal-rights organization. Minoes employs her feline powers to spy on the suspected evildoers and relays her information to Tibbe, who works tirelessly to break the story.
Following his wife's untimely death, Los Angeles journalist Benjamin Mee (Matt Damon) decides to make a fresh start by quitting his job and moving his children (Colin Ford, Maggie Elizabeth Jones) to an 18-acre property containing the Rosemoor Wildlife Park. Though closed for years, Rosemoor is still home to many animals, cared for by Kelly Foster (Scarlett Johansson) and her small staff. Mee opens his heart and his checkbook as he, Kelly and the others work to renovate and reopen the zoo.
Having conquered the Asian underworld, crime boss Don (Shah Rukh Khan) sets in motion a plan that will give him dominion over Europe.
While shopping at an outdoor market, young reporter Tintin (Jamie Bell), accompanied by his faithful dog, Snowy, buys a model of an old ship called the Unicorn. A shady character named Sakharine (Daniel Craig) and later an American named Barnaby (Joe Starr) try to buy the model from him, but Tintin refuses. The lad discovers that the ship contains a clue about a hidden treasure, but before he can locate it, Tintin is kidnapped and given over to the custody of drunken Capt. Haddock (Andy Serkis).
Blamed for a terrorist attack on the Kremlin, Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) and the entire IMF agency are disavowed by the U.S. government, while the president initiates the Ghost Protocol. Forced to go "off the grid" -- left without resources or backup -- Hunt must somehow clear the agency's name and prevent another attack. Complicating matters even more, Ethan must undertake the impossible mission with a group of fellow IMF fugitives whose actual motives are suspect.
Disgraced financial reporter Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) finds a chance to redeem his honor after being hired by wealthy Swedish industrialist Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to solve the 40-year-old murder of Vanger's niece, Harriet. Vanger believes that Harriet was killed by a member of his own family. Eventually joining Blomkvist on his dangerous quest for the truth is Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara), an unusual but ingenious investigator whose fragile trust is not easily won.
When some roughhousing between two 11-year-old boys named Zachary and Ethan erupts into real violence, Ethan loses two teeth. Zachary's parents, Alan and Nancy Cowen (Kate Winslet, Christoph Waltz), meet with Ethan's parents, Penelope and Michael Longstreet (Jodie Foster, John C. Reilly), to try to smooth things over. However, what starts as a polite meeting among adults descends into finger-pointing, tantrums and insults. Based on the play "God of Carnage" by Yasmina Reza.
Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese, Robert De Niro, Ron Howard and others pay tribute to legendary independent filmmaker Roger Corman.
A young drug researcher unexpectedly discovers the ingredients of addiction in cigarettes and begins a national campaign to have it regulated.
A woman brings together her dysfunctional adult offspring for Christmas.
Two feuding Irish families resolve their differences through bare-knuckle boxing.
In 1970s England the head of MI6, Control (John Hurt), dispatches an agent (Mark Strong) to meet with a Hungarian general who knows the identity of a Soviet spy in the organization's ranks. However, the mission goes wrong, and the general dies before he can reveal the information. Undersecretary Oliver Lacon (Simon McBurney) calls veteran agent George Smiley (Gary Oldman) back from forced retirement to ferret out the mole and stop the flow of vital British secrets to the Russians.
The tragic London bombings of July 7, 2005, bring together the unlikeliest of pairs when Elisabeth Sommers (Brenda Blethyn), a prejudiced British Christian, and Ousmane (Sotigui Kouyaté), a solemn French Muslim, cross paths. Sommers is searching for her daughter, and Ousmane for his son. Eventually discovering their children were involved in a romantic relationship, Sommers and Ousmane must overcome their differences to achieve their now shared objective -- finding their missing kids.
The life and work of an environmentalist.
A taxi driver (Ha Jung-woo) goes on the run after an attempt to carry out a hit on a professor (Kwak Do-won) goes terribly awry.
Successful and handsome New Yorker Brandon (Michael Fassbender) seems to live an ordinary life, but he hides a terrible secret behind his mask of normalcy: Brandon is a sex addict. His constant need for gratification numbs him to just about everything else. But, when Sissy (Carey Mulligan), Brandon's needy sister, unexpectedly blows into town, crashes at his apartment and invades his privacy, Brandon is finally forced to confront his addiction head-on.
A daredevil driver falls for an alluring woman as he tries to win a race that occurs only once every five years.
During the Rwandan genocide some neighbors crossed the lines of hatred to help each other.
Wealthy oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky winds up in prison after publicly accusing Russia's President Putin of corruption.
The life and work of special effects master Ray Harryhausen.
A boy experiences first love, friendships and injustices growing up in 1960s Taiwan.
A chocolate maker falls in love with a gifted worker.
In the 1920s, actor George Valentin (Jean Dujardin) is a bona fide matinee idol with many adoring fans. While working on his latest film, George finds himself falling in love with an ingenue named Peppy Miller (Bérénice Bejo) and, what's more, it seems Peppy feels the same way. But George is reluctant to cheat on his wife with the beautiful young actress. The growing popularity of sound in movies further separates the potential lovers, as George's career begins to fade while Peppy's star rises.
A young woman begins a new life at the Apollonide bordello, a high-class brothel in Paris.
In 1956 England, Colin Clark (Eddie Redmayne) lands a job as a production assistant on the set of "The Prince and the Showgirl," starring Marilyn Monroe (Michelle Williams). Marilyn is also honeymooning with her new husband, playwright Arthur Miller, but the combined pressure of work and the demands of the Hollywood hangers-on is driving her to exhaustion. When Miller departs for Paris, Colin seizes the opportunity, to give Marilyn respite during a week in the idyllic British countryside.
Orphaned and alone except for an uncle, Hugo Cabret (Asa Butterfield) lives in the walls of a train station in 1930s Paris. Hugo's job is to oil and maintain the station's clocks, but to him, his more important task is to protect a broken automaton and notebook left to him by his late father (Jude Law). Accompanied by the goddaughter (Chloë Grace Moretz) of an embittered toy merchant (Ben Kingsley), Hugo embarks on a quest to solve the mystery of the automaton and find a place he can call home.
Walter, the world's biggest Muppet fan, is on vacation in Los Angeles with his brother Gary (Jason Segel) and Gary's girlfriend, Mary (Amy Adams). They discover that greedy Tex Richman (Chris Cooper) plans to raze Muppet Studios and drill for oil on the spot. Desperate to save the Muppets' former stomping grounds, the three friends join forces with Kermit to reunite Miss Piggy, Fozzie and the rest of the gang to hold a telethon to raise the $10 million they need to save the studio .
Two female rock 'n' rollers, who starred in a band and caused chaos, reunite a dozen years later.
Native islander Matt King (George Clooney) lives with his family in Hawaii. Their world shatters when a tragic accident leaves his wife in a coma. Not only must Matt struggle with the stipulation in his wife's will that she be allowed to die with dignity, but he also faces pressure from relatives to sell their family's enormous land trust. Angry and terrified at the same time, Matt tries to be a good father to his young daughters, as they too try to cope with their mother's possible death.
The life and work of the industrial designers.
An angry, violent alcoholic (Peter Mullan) finds respite with a devout woman (Olivia Colman) whose husband abuses her.
Inmates rebel at a Norwegian reform school for boys, where discipline is maintained through cruelty.
A 10-year-old girl (Zoé Héran) moves into a new neighborhood and decides to dress like a boy.
Filmmaker Werner Herzog explores capital punishment through interviews with convicted killers, their victims' families, and members of the Texas criminal justice system.
Josh Tickell and Rebecca Harrell Tickell examine the 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
As a planet hurtles toward a collision course with Earth, two sisters (Kirsten Dunst, Charlotte Gainsbourg) cope with the approaching doomsday in different ways.
Janardan wants to be a star and realizes he has to suffer through a tragedy to become famous.
Student Johann Wolfgang von Goethe falls in love with Lotte, but Albert has feelings for her also.
An aging two-bit hustler (Dennis Farina) befriends a single mother (Jamie Anne Allman) and her young daughter, who took over his Chicago apartment.
A soldier and a graduate student walk and talk through nighttime Minneapolis.
A professional skateboarder drifts through life with seemingly little regard for adult responsibilities, preferring instead to skate in abandoned pools and camp in friends' yards.
A generation's anti-authoritarians, the punk rockers, become the ultimate authority figures -- parents.
Filmmaker Jennifer Fox spends more than 20 years filming a Tibetan Buddhist master and documents the man's struggle to convince his Western-born son to follow in his footsteps.
While attending college in Los Angeles, Jacob (Anton Yelchin), an American, and Anna (Felicity Jones), who hails from London, fall madly in love. However, the young lovers are forced apart when Anna violates the terms of her visa and must return to England. Jacob and Anna discover the difficulties of maintaining a long-distance relationship in the face of their changing lives. Yet, no matter how often circumstances pull them apart, they always find themselves back together again.
Architects, city planners, politicians and others try to bring a fresh approach to dealing with the advantages and disadvantages of urban living.
Long before meeting Shrek, Puss in Boots (Antonio Banderas) -- just named a hero for saving a woman from a charging bull -- is run out of town on suspicion of bank robbery, even though the real villain is Puss' friend, Humpty Dumpty (Zach Galifianakis). Though there is still animosity between them, Puss and Humpty reunite to steal a goose that lays golden eggs. Joining them for the adventure of nine lifetimes is notorious cat burglar, Kitty Softpaws (Salma Hayek).
A woman (Pilar López de Ayala), who just went through a painful breakup, and a phobic web designer (Javier Drolas) live in the same neighborhood but suffer from urban loneliness.
Though Ukrainian brothers Vitali and Wladimir Klitschko sport different fighting styles in the ring, both are at the forefront of the international heavyweight boxing world.
Interviews with Frank Oz, Rosie O'Donnell, Whoopi Goldberg and others highlight a portrait of Kevin Clash, the man who brings "Sesame Street" muppet Elmo to life.
A shoeshiner tries to save a refugee.
A 10-year-old boy and his friends perform perilous stunts as they try to set a new world record.
When an analyst uncovers information that could ruin them all, the key players (Kevin Spacey, Paul Bettany) at an investment firm take extreme measures to control the damage.
Filmmaker Chris Paine examines four entries in the race to create a viable alternative to traditional gas- or diesel-powered vehicles.
Until the early 1970s, thousands of British children -- many orphans, others taken by social workers from broken homes -- were packed onto ships bound for Australia. Promised "oranges and sunshine," many instead endured abuse in workhouses as virtual slaves. In 1987, Nottingham, England, social worker Margaret Humphreys (Emily Watson) learns the horrific extent of this program as she attempts to help two of its survivors, the timid Jack (Hugo Weaving) and the violent Len (David Wenham).
After several years of living with a cult, Martha (Elizabeth Olsen) finally escapes and calls her estranged sister, Lucy (Sarah Paulson), for help. Martha finds herself at the quiet Connecticut home Lucy shares with her new husband, Ted (Hugh Dancy), but the memories of what she experienced in the cult make peace hard to find. As flashbacks continue to torment her, Martha fails to shake a terrible sense of dread, especially in regard to the cult's manipulative leader (John Hawkes).
The life and work of the philosopher.
Ever since his beloved wife was horribly burned in an auto accident, Dr. Robert Ledgard (Antonio Banderas), a skilled plastic surgeon, has tried to develop a new skin that could save the lives of burn victims. Finally, after 12 years, Ledgard has created a skin that guards the body, but is still sensitive to touch. With the aid of his faithful housekeeper (Marisa Paredes), Ledgard tests his creation on Vera (Elena Anaya), who is held prisoner against her will in the doctor's mansion.
As a transplant from Boston, teenager Ren MacCormack (Kenny Wormald) gets a big dose of culture shock when he moves to a small Southern town called Bomont. A few years prior, a fatal accident involving five youths led local councilmen and a beloved clergyman (Dennis Quaid) to enact ordinances against loud music and dancing. Ren -- never one to toe the line -- challenges the ban, simultaneously revitalizing Bomont and falling in love with the clergyman's troubled daughter (Julianne Hough).
Three men of varying ages try to figure out if they are a product of their world or if their world is a construct of their own imaginations.
In New Orleans, a carnival club known as the Krewe of Armeinius celebrates its 40th Mardi Gras ball for gay men.
The behavior of two Spanish maids changes the lives of a conservative couple.
Charlie Kenton (Hugh Jackman) used to be a prizefighter but lost his chance to win a title when heavy, towering robots took over the boxing ring. Now working as a small-time promoter, Charlie pieces together scrap metal into low-end fighters, barely earning enough to make it from one underground venue to the next. After hitting rock bottom, Charlie reluctantly teams with his estranged son, Max (Dakota Goyo), to build and train a championship robot for a last shot at redemption.
A history of the punk band shows its challenging of racial stereotypes and the politics of the music industry.
As Ohio's Democratic primary nears, charming Gov. Mike Morris (George Clooney) seems a shoo-in for the nomination over his opponent, Sen. Pullman (Michael Mantell). Morris' idealistic press secretary, Stephen Meyers (Ryan Gosling), believes in his candidate's integrity and the democratic process. But Meyers' meeting with Pullman's campaign manager (Paul Giamatti) and a dalliance with a young intern (Evan Rachel Wood) set in motion events that threaten Morris' election chances.
Leaving Bolivia and heading back to the U.S., the outlaw formerly known as Butch Cassidy (Sam Shepard) has a final adventure.
Photojournalist and filmmaker Danfung Dennis follows Marine Sgt. Nathan Harris into combat in Afghanistan, then back to the U.S. after Harris is severely wounded.
Jack spends a season playing Santa Claus for children and learns about the benefits of belief.
Two scruffy pals' (Tyler Labine, Alan Tudyk) backwoods vacation takes a bloody turn when ignorant college students mistake them for a pair of murderous hillbillies.
Interviews with policy advisers and an examination of the experiences of four teachers illustrate the the state of the U.S. educational system.
African adults, many crippled by polio, join with street youths to form a music group in Kinshasa.
A truck driver (Viktor Nemets) embarks on a dark odyssey through Russia.
Adam Lerner (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) has always tried to take good care of his health, so it comes as a cruel surprise when he learns that he has malignant tumors along his spine. His doctor gives him a 50/50 chance of survival, but Adam tries to remain upbeat, though his mother (Anjelica Huston) and his friend Kyle (Seth Rogen), react badly to the news. Adam starts seeing a therapist (Anna Kendrick), but their relationship threatens to cross the boundary between doctor and patient.
Curtis LaForche (Michael Shannon) lives in a small Ohio town with his loving wife (Jessica Chastain) and hearing-impaired daughter (Tova Stewart). Though money is tight, he and his family are very happy. But then, Curtis begins having terrifying dreams about an apocalypse that threatens them all. Rather than confiding in Samantha, he begins building a storm shelter in the backyard, and his strange behavior causes tension in their marriage and the surrounding community.
During the second Manchurion invasion of Korea, a skilled archer sets out to save his kidnapped sister.
Filmmaker and music journalist Cameron Crowe pays tribute to the Seattle-based band's 20th anniversary with interviews and rare concert footage.
While swimming free in the ocean, a young dolphin gets caught in a trap and severely damages her tail. Though she is rescued and transported to Clearwater Marine Hospital, her tail cannot be saved, and the prognosis is dire. What the dolphin, now named Winter, needs is a miracle. She gets that miracle in the form of a marine biologist (Harry Connick Jr.), a prosthetics designer (Morgan Freeman), and a devoted boy (Nathan Gamble), who find a way to help Winter swim again.
Members of a 1970s Texas high-school jazz band reunite for a concert honoring their dedicated teacher and bandleader, Conrad O. Johnson Sr.
After becoming separated from his pod, a young orca adopts residents of Vancouver Island's Nootka Sound as his surrogate family.
Filmmaker Carl Colby delves into the life of his father, former CIA director William Colby, and the history of the organization involved in intelligence gathering.
A gay man's (Tom Cullen) weekend-long encounter with an artist (Chris New) changes his life in unexpected ways.
Billy Beane (Brad Pitt), general manager of the Oakland A's, one day has an epiphany: Baseball's conventional wisdom is all wrong. Faced with a tight budget, Beane must reinvent his team by outsmarting the richer ball clubs. Joining forces with Ivy League graduate Peter Brand (Jonah Hill), Beane prepares to challenge old-school traditions. He recruits bargain-bin players whom the scouts have labeled as flawed, but have game-winning potential. Based on the book by Michael Lewis.
Nightclub owner Peter Gatien was the undisputed king of the 1980s New York club scene with a Manhattan empire that counted tens of thousands of patrons per night in its peak years.
A man and a companion go on a journey to cremate his beloved wife on a riverbank.
Driver (Ryan Gosling) is a skilled Hollywood stuntman who moonlights as a getaway driver for criminals. Though he projects an icy exterior, lately he's been warming up to a pretty neighbor named Irene (Carey Mulligan) and her young son, Benicio (Kaden Leos). When Irene's husband gets out of jail, he enlists Driver's help in a million-dollar heist. The job goes horribly wrong, and Driver must risk his life to protect Irene and Benicio from the vengeful masterminds behind the robbery.
Childhood friends from Texas set out to prove themselves.
Flemish painter Pieter Bruegel (Rutger Hauer) creates his 1564 masterpiece "The Procession to Calvary."
In a film based on Marie-Sabine Roger's book, Margueritte (Gisèle Casadesus) is a 95-year-old woman whose greatest joy in life is a good book. So the residents of her rural French village are stunned when she strikes up a conversation with the sweet German oaf Germain (Gérard Depardieu), who is virtually illiterate. But, as their odd friendship blossoms, Margueritte shares her passion with Germain, teaching him as she reads aloud. And when her eyes begin to fail, Germain returns the favor.
Swedish journalists document the black power movement in America.
After a shocking betrayal by his sworn brother, a general (Andy Lau) takes refuge at a Shaolin temple and learns martial arts from a crazy cook (Jackie Chan).
An estranged family finds redemption in the unlikeliest of places: the MMA ring. Tommy (Tom Hardy), an ex-Marine with a tragic past, returns home and enlists his father (Nick Nolte), a recovering alcoholic and former wrestling coach, to train him for "Sparta," the biggest MMA tournament ever held. But when Tommy's underdog brother, Brendan (Joel Edgerton), fights his way into the tournament, the two brothers must finally confront each other and the forces that pulled them apart.
During the 1970s, San Francisco became a safe haven for the gay and lesbian community, providing a place where one could live openly, away from discrimination. But, after almost a decade of celebration, the city was hit by a wave of shock and grief when it became ground zero of the AIDS epidemic, with hundreds of gay men falling victim to the disease. Director David Weissman explores the incredible story of love and loss through the eyes of five men and women who experienced it firsthand.
When Beth Emhoff (Gwyneth Paltrow) returns to Minnesota from a Hong Kong business trip, she attributes the malaise she feels to jet lag. However, two days later, Beth is dead, and doctors tell her shocked husband (Matt Damon) that they have no idea what killed her. Soon, many others start to exhibit the same symptoms, and a global pandemic explodes. Doctors try to contain the lethal microbe, but society begins to collapse as a blogger (Jude Law) fans the flames of paranoia.
Liz Garbus examines the tragic and bizarre life of the late chess master from his troubled childhood through his rise to fame and his life as a fugitive.
A man tries to piece together cryptic messages left on tiles on streets across the U.S. and South America.
During the Tang Dynasty, China's future empress (Carina Lau) frees an imprisoned detective (Andy Lau) to solve the deaths of two courtiers who burst into flame upon exposure to sunlight.
In 1965, young Mossad agent Rachel Singer (Jessica Chastain) and two comrades (Sam Worthington, Marton Csokas) are involved in a secret mission to capture a Nazi war criminal known as the Surgeon of Birkenau (Jesper Christensen). The mission ends with the man's death on the streets of East Berlin. Thirty years later, a man claiming to be the doctor has appeared, and Rachel (Helen Mirren), haunted by memories of past events, must return to Eastern Europe to uncover the truth.
The life of French singer Serge Gainsbourg.
The lives of five people undergo a decadelong transformation following the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
A portrait of rocker Ozzy Osbourne, including his time as lead singer of Black Sabbath, his solo career and his struggles with substance abuse.
Johnny (Bill Nighy), a long-serving member of MI5, finds a mysterious file after his mentor (Michael Gambon) dies.
Romanian urban legends from the chaotic rule of Nicolae Ceausescu are examined in several vignettes. A Communist Party activist (Calin Chirila) blindly follows the rules despite not really knowing them. An inspector (Emanuel Parvu) travels to a small town to make sure it is ready to receive Ceausescu, despite not knowing if he's actually coming. Grigore (Vlad Ivanov), a truck driver, is confused when Camelia (Tania Popa) offers to buy eggs that were laid in the back of his van.
An Iranian teenager (Nikohl Boosheri) enters a lesbian relationship, while her brother (Reza Sixo Safai) becomes dangerously obsessed with Islamic fundamentalism.
Friends accidentally create the world's first viral video when they record fighting neighbors.
A fundamentalist's (Vera Farmiga) lifelong struggle with tenets of her church comes to a head in the wake of a tragedy involving her best friend (Dagmara Dominczyk).
An old military man captures a young enemy, taking him on a long journey to collect a reward.
While planning her suicide, a precocious 11-year-old (Garance Le Guillermic) befriends a new neighbor (Togo Igawa) and a prickly recluse (Josiane Balasko).
A twisted love triangle develops among a Spanish clown (Carlos Areces), his cruel rival (Antonio de la Torre) and the rival's abused -- but lustful -- wife (Carolina Bang).
Ayrton Senna becomes a three-time Formula One racing champion and Brazil's national hero before his untimely death at age 34.
New Directions hits the road to perform a summer concert tour. Rachel (Lea Michele), Finn (Cory Monteith), Kurt (Chris Colfer), Mercedes (Amber Riley) and the rest of the Glee Club perform the songs that took them all the way to Nationals, including "Sing," "I'm a Slave 4 U," "Somebody to Love," "Born This Way" and their anthem, "Don't Stop Believin'. Also included is footage of the young singers backstage, as well as performances by Blaine (Darren Criss) and the Warblers.
Vacationing Japanese siblings (Atsuko Okatsuka, Rintaro Sawamoto) become stranded in a California desert town but soon warm up to life in the dusty burg.
In 1960s Mississippi, Southern society girl Skeeter (Emma Stone) returns from college with dreams of being a writer. She turns her small town on its ear by choosing to interview the black women who have spent their lives taking care of prominent white families. Only Aibileen (Viola Davis), the housekeeper of Skeeter's best friend, will talk at first. But as the pair continue the collaboration, more women decide to come forward, and as it turns out, they have quite a lot to say.
A 19th-century Portuguese man recalls his youth in a church-run orphanage.
Along with their pet platypus (Dee Bradley Baker), stepbrothers Phineas (Vincent Martella) and Ferb battle evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz.
After a three-year stint in prison, an ex-con returns home and tries to put his family back together, but his son's sexual transformation puts their fragile bonds to the test.
A Czech man joins a radio station to protect his Jewish wife from the Nazis.
Hoping that a global apocalypse is on the horizon, best friends (Evan Glodell, Tyler Dawson) spend all their free time building imaginative weapons of mass destruction.
Will Rodman (James Franco), a scientist in San Francisco, is experimenting with a drug that he hopes will cure his father's (John Lithgow) Alzheimer's disease. After his work is deemed a failure, Will becomes the guardian of Caesar, an infant chimp who was exposed in-utero to Will's drug. Caesar displays unusual intelligence, and Will decides to continue his experiments secretly. But as Caesar's intellect and abilities grow, he comes to represent a threat to man's dominion over Earth.
The experiences of Kathryn Bolkovac, a cop from Nebraska, who worked as a peacekeeper in post-war Bosnia and exposed a U.N. sex scandal that was covered up.
Directors Alex Gibney and Alison Ellwood present footage culled from a road trip to the 1964 New York World's Fair, which author Ken Kesey and the Merry Band of Pranksters made while on drugs.
The passive owner of a fish store becomes entangled with a murderous couple and implicated in their gruesome crimes.
Cal Weaver (Steve Carell) is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily (Julianne Moore). Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer (Ryan Gosling), a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies.
South London teenagers (John Boyega, Alex Esmail, Leeon Jones) defend their neighborhood from malevolent extraterrestrials.
Members of the activist group CeaseFire work to curb violence in their Chicago neighborhoods by intervening in street fights and showing youths a better way to resolve conflicts.
A vulgar Irish cop (Brendan Gleeson) and a straight-laced American FBI agent (Don Cheadle) uncover police corruption among the former's superiors while probing a drug-trafficking ring.
The filmmaker journeys into a world of endings and beginnings; a world of stuffed owls, sheep and fire.
A man (Gilles Lellouche) finds himself pitted against rival gangsters and trigger-happy police in a deadly race to save the lives of his kidnapped wife and unborn child.
An account of research by a journalist (Kristin Scott Thomas) into a shameful incident in French history intertwines with a story of a 10-year-old Jewish girl (Mélusine Mayance) from that time period.
Jamie (Mila Kunis) is a New York-based executive recruiter who entices Dylan (Justin Timberlake), an art director from Los Angeles, to take a job at the New York office of GQ magazine. Finding that they have much in common, the two become fast friends. Feeling jaded by a number of broken romances, Dylan and Jamie decide that they are ready to quit looking for true love and focus on having fun. However, complications unfold when the two best pals add sex to their relationship.
Following her release from prison, a morose young woman (Brit Marling) seeks out the man (William Mapother) whose life she shattered in a car accident several years earlier.
Capt. Clive Lloyd transforms his 1970s-era West Indies cricket team into champions who dominate the sport for many years afterward.
It is 1941 and the world is in the throes of war. Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) wants to do his part and join America's armed forces, but the military rejects him because of his small stature. Finally, Steve gets his chance when he is accepted into an experimental program that turns him into a supersoldier called Captain America. Joining forces with Bucky Barnes (Sebastian Stan) and Peggy Carter (Hayley Atwell), Captain America leads the fight against the Nazi-backed HYDRA organization.
One of America's top documentary filmmakers, Errol Morris, turns his attention to the outrageous and nearly unbelievable story of Joyce McKinney. She's a former Miss Wyoming beauty queen who gained a great deal of notoriety after being accused of kidnapping a young Mormon missionary, restraining him in chains and raping him in England in 1977. The unbalanced McKinney is interviewed extensively, particularly about her ambition to write a memoir telling her side of the tale.
A clash between good and evil awaits as young Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson) prepare for a final battle against Lord Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes). Harry has grown into a steely lad on a mission to rid the world of evil. The friends must search for the Horcruxes that keep the dastardly wizard immortal. Harry and Voldemort meet at Hogwarts Castle for an epic showdown where the forces of darkness may finally meet their match.
Three stories inspired by A.A. Milne add up to a very busy day for Winnie the Pooh (Jim Cummings) and friends. Upon learning that Eeyore (Bud Luckey) has lost his tail, the residents of the Hundred Acre Wood start a contest to see who can find a new one for the melancholy donkey -- with a pot of honey going to the winner. Amid the goings-on, Owl (Craig Ferguson) mistakenly relates the news that Christopher Robin has been abducted. However, all ends well when Pooh finds a land of sweet delights.
A 12-year-old girl (Khomotso Manyaka) fights prejudice when her family is ostracized by a South African community.
Kidnappers abduct and terrorize a pregnant woman (Alexandra Meierhans) and her companion.
Actor Michael Rapaport examines the music of the 1990s hip-hop group as well as the conflicts that drove the band members apart.
Nick (Jason Bateman), Dale (Charlie Day) and Kurt (Jason Sudeikis) are workers who would like nothing better than to grind their oppressive employers into the dirt. Quitting their jobs is not an option, so -- fueled by alcohol and dubious advice from a criminal (Jamie Foxx) -- the men devise a complex and seemingly foolproof plan to permanently rid themselves of their terrible bosses. The problem is, any plan is only as clever as the brains behind it.
Filmmaker Joseph Dorman presents the life, work and legacy of the Yiddish writer who used the vernacular of the common man.
In the 1970s, professor Herb Terrace and his team raise a baby chimp as a human child, as part of an experiment intended to break the language barrier between animals and people.
Philandering industrialist Stanislas Graff (Yvan Attal) is kidnapped, with his ransom set at 50 million euros. After his finger is chopped off to prove the abductors' seriousness, his wife, Francoise (Anne Consigny), meets with the board of directors to discuss how to raise the money quickly -- but evidence of Stanislas' adultery and gambling make the company reluctant to pay. As rumors spread that Stanislas staged the kidnapping to take care of his debts, public sentiment turns against him.
Three unsuspecting, average guys find themselves on the hit list of one of India's most-powerful crime syndicates.
Attorneys Nadia Costa and Joshua Safran struggle to obtain justice for Deborah Peagler, a battered woman who was jailed after gang members killed her abusive boyfriend.
Bullied and withdrawn, a large teen (Jacob Wysocki) finds a support system with other school misfits after a vice principal (John C. Reilly) brings him in for counseling.
A sheltered scientist (Jacques Gamblin) and a sexy political activist (Sara Forestier) have a May-December romance.
Twenty-five years later, a loggerhead turtle travels 9,000 miles to the Florida beach where it hatched.
A Unitarian minister copes with her impending retirement and finds true love for the first time in her life.
In 2009, Conan O'Brien took over for Jay Leno as host of NBC's "The Tonight Show," but, after only seven months on the job, he suddenly found himself unemployed. Embroiled in a legal battle with the network, Conan took his talents on the road for a 32-city comedy show aptly titled "The Legally Prohibited from Being Funny on Television Tour." Filmmaker Rodman Flender was there every step of the way to document the comic's personal struggles during the most tumultuous time of his career.
Carlos Galindo (Demián Bichir), a Mexican illegal immigrant and veteran Los Angeles day laborer, has trouble connecting with his son, Luis (José Julián), whose gang-affiliated girlfriend is tempting him to ignore his father's example of clean living. Carlos buys a truck to begin working as a self-employed man and earn more money, but when it is stolen, his hopes for a more affluent life are dashed. Unable to turn to the police for help, father and son embark on a quest to find the vehicle.
Actor John Turturro examines the musical culture of Naples, Italy, in this documentary. Arguing that the city's music has been influenced by its many residents and invaders, from the ancient Greeks to American troops occupying the country after World War II, Turturro presents musicians performing both old and new material. Among the artists are sultry singer M'barka ben Taleb, and saxophonist James Senese, whose Italian mother and unknown black American father equally inform his work.
Documentarian Marshall Curry investigates the darker side of the fight for our environment in this documentary about the Earth Liberation Front (ELF), a radical group of activists that has gone to extreme lengths to protest against deforestation. The film focuses on Daniel McGowan, a former member of ELF who was sentenced to life in prison when he was found guilty of acts of environmental terrorism after he participated in the firebombing of several Oregon-based timber companies.
Daniel Goldstein battles in court to save his home and community from being demolished to make way for the densest real estate development in U.S. history.
By looking into the lives and daily tasks of three writers at the the New York Times, this documentary explores the ways that the Internet has changed print media. The journalists include up-and-comer Brian Stelter, established yet restless reporter Tim Arango and David Carr, an outspoken warhorse with a volatile temper. Covering 12 months of life at the Times, the film reveals the difficulties in maintaining the ways of traditional journalism in a changing news environment.
American cowboy Buck Brannaman has a unique way of communicating with horses, and it's exactly this unorthodox style of training that inspired the novel "The Horse Whisperer." In this documentary, director Cindy Meehl gets to know the real-life Buck as she reveals his fascinating story about how an abusive childhood helped teach him the compassion and insight needed to train horses, not with punishment but by treating them the way he would treat humans -- with respect.
Thousands of dancers, their families and coaches descend upon Glasgow, Scotland, for the 40th Irish Dancing World Championships.
Two women fly on the KLM flight that wins the 1953 Air Race from London to New Zealand.
Gil Pender (Owen Wilson) is a screenwriter and aspiring novelist. Vacationing in Paris with his fiancee (Rachel McAdams), he has taken to touring the city alone. On one such late-night excursion, Gil encounters a group of strange -- yet familiar -- revelers, who sweep him along, apparently back in time, for a night with some of the Jazz Age's icons of art and literature. The more time Gil spends with these cultural heroes of the past, the more dissatisfied he becomes with the present.
Food critic Steve Coogan and traveling companion Rob Brydon trade delicious barbs and clever remarks as they tour various eateries in northern England.
In 1979 Ohio, several youngsters (Elle Fanning, Joel Courtney, Gabriel Basso) are making a zombie movie with a Super-8 camera. In the midst of filming, the friends witness a horrifying train derailment and are lucky to escape with their lives. They soon discover that the catastrophe was no accident, as a series of unexplained events and disappearances soon follows. Deputy Jackson Lamb (Kyle Chandler), the father of one of the kids, searches for the terrifying truth behind the crash.
While investigating reports of illegal poaching, three student filmmakers encounter a man (Otto Jespersen) who slays trolls for the Norwegian government.
Sixteen years after adopting Flora, a 10,000-pound elephant that is the main attraction of a St. Louis circus, trainer David Balding resolves to return his beloved beast to a more natural home. This documentary follows Balding as he investigates suitable new habitats, journeying from Botswana to Miami and Tennessee. Though he eventually finds a sanctuary for the elephant, all is not well, as the new owners exercise their rights to keep Balding away from Flora.
In the early 1960s, during the height of the Cold War, a mutant named Charles Xavier (James McAvoy) meets a fellow mutant named Erik Lehnsherr (Michael Fassbender). Despite their vastly different backgrounds -- Charles grew up with a wealthy family, while Erik lost his parents at Auschwitz -- the two become close friends. As the world teeters on the brink of a nuclear war, Charles and Erik with other mutants join forces to save humanity. However, a situation soon tears the friends apart.
Activists try to prevent Massey Energy from utilizing the environmentally hazardous method of mountaintop removal to extract coal from Coal River Mountain.
Yale economist Robert Shiller and other experts explain the 2008 economic downturn.
After his mother dies, Oliver (Ewan McGregor) is stunned when his father, Hal (Christopher Plummer), recently diagnosed with terminal cancer, comes out of the closet. When Hal passes away a few years later, Oliver grows depressed, struggling with his failing career as an artist while constantly remembering his childhood and time spent with his dad. Oliver's loneliness is eased when he meets actress Anna (Mélanie Laurent), but their relationship is threatened by their mutual fear of commitment.
Oliver (Craig Roberts) is a Welsh teen who has some things on his mind. First is losing his virginity before his 16th birthday. He sets out to woo his feisty classmate Jordana (Yasmin Paige). Then Oliver focuses on holding his family together. His father (Noah Taylor), a depressed marine biologist, seems unequal to the task of preventing Oliver's mother (Sally Hawkins) from succumbing to the dubious charms of a spiritual guru (Paddy Considine) from down the road.
This documentary explores the slow but steady rise of the women's art community, which first blossomed when the Feminist Movement exploded in America during the 1960s and 1970s, thereby increasing cultural awareness of women artists. Through archival footage and interviews, the stories of activists such as the Guerrilla Girls and performance artists like Yoko Ono and Judy Chicago are told. The documentary also touches on the gender politics of the art world.
Two lifelong friends (Hrithik Roshan, Farhan Akhtar) take a third (Abhay Deol) on a road trip through Spain instead of throwing a traditional bachelor party.
Japanese student protests soon lead to the formation of a new, left-wing group, the United Red Army. Led by Hiroko Nagata (Akie Namiki) and Tsuneo Mori (Go Jibiki), the band of young adults heads to the mountains for paramilitary training. Despite the group's opposition to Japan's military strategies, the leaders mimic the practice of killing members for minor infractions like kissing. The group's short rise to power culminates in the Asama-Sanso incident, in which many members are assassinated.
In this highly philosophical film by acclaimed director Terrence Malick, young Jack (Hunter McCracken) is one of three brothers growing up as part of the O'Brien family in small-town Texas. Jack has a contentious relationship with his father (Brad Pitt), but gets along well with his beautiful mother (Jessica Chastain). As an adult, Jack (Sean Penn) struggles with his past and tries to make sense of his childhood, while also grappling with bigger existential issues.
Now known as the Dragon Warrior, Po (Jack Black) protects the Valley of Peace alongside his friends and fellow kung fu masters, the Furious Five. However, a dangerous villain threatens Po's awesome new life with plans to use a secret weapon to wipe out the martial art and conquer China. In order to defeat the new enemy, Po finds he must recall his past and unlock secrets of his mysterious origins; only then will he find the strength to vanquish his foe.
Middle-aged Paul (Mimi Branescu) lives in a pleasant Bucharest apartment with his wife, Adrianna (Mirela Oprisor), and their 9-year-old daughter. But unbeknown to Adrianna, Paul is also having an affair with the family's dentist, Raluca (Maria Popistasu). As Christmas approaches, Paul finds himself forced to choose between the woman with whom he has shared the last decade of his life and the passionate new partner who has given him a revitalized image of himself.
Henry (Barry Lynch), a farmer in a rural area of Vermont, finds odd footprints that are alien in origin.
Four high-school teams from Chicago prepare for and compete in the world's largest youth poetry slam.
This documentary explores the life of Jack Cardiff, a former child actor who went on to achieve great things in film. But Cardiff didn't excel in front of the camera; he mastered the camera itself, using his painting background to perfect the art of lighting in cinema. Cardiff's talent as a cinematographer is seen in clips from some of his most acclaimed works, like "Black Narcissus" and "The Red Shoes," while the praise of luminaries like Martin Scorsese cements his legend.
Author/filmmaker Mary Murphy, Tom Brokaw, Oprah Winfrey and others reflect on the legacy of author Harper Lee's literary masterpiece.
A profile of lesbian twin sisters who sing country.
Annie (Kristen Wiig) is a single woman whose own life is a mess, but when she learns that her lifelong best friend, Lillian (Maya Rudolph), is engaged, she has no choice but to serve as the maid of honor. Though lovelorn and almost penniless, Annie, nevertheless, winds her way through the strange and expensive rituals associated with her job as the bride's go-to gal. Determined to make things perfect, she gamely leads Lillian and the other bridesmaids down the wild road to the wedding.
An 84-year-old Kenyan (Oliver Litondo) fights for his right to attend school for the first time and receive the education he previously could not afford.
Six young magicians from the U.S., South Africa and Japan compete at the World Magic Seminar in Las Vegas for the title of Teen World Champion.
The stories of a conflicted Japanese soldier (Hideo Nakaizumi) and a Chinese officer (Ye Liu) draw attention to the atrocities committed by Japanese forces during the 1937 occupation of Nanking.
The filmmaking and fanaticism around the famous director.
A World War II veteran (Robert Loggia) gathers his family for one final summer together, but old resentments and betrayals threaten to tear them apart.
As the son of Odin (Anthony Hopkins), king of the Norse gods, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) will soon inherit the throne of Asgard from his aging father. However, on the day that he is to be crowned, Thor reacts with brutality when the gods' enemies, the Frost Giants, enter the palace in violation of their treaty. As punishment, Odin banishes Thor to Earth. While Loki (Tom Hiddleston), Thor's brother, plots mischief in Asgard, Thor, now stripped of his powers, faces his greatest threat.
The history and importance of the organization that saves the very best in American cinema.
The true story of a marathon runner who liked to rob banks.
In this documentary, filmmaker Werner Herzog and a small crew are given a rare chance to film inside France's Chauvet Cave, where the walls are covered with the world's oldest surviving paintings. To preserve the art, people are allowed to enter the site for only two weeks a year. Examining the 30,000-year-old drawings, Herzog discusses how the artwork represents humanity's earliest dreams with scientists and art scholars conducting research at Chauvet.
A boy (Chase Ellison) learns about appearances, tolerance and other concepts when his teacher (Ed Harris) pairs him with a misfit student to work on a class project.
Ever since ex-cop Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) and Mia Torretto (Jordana Brewster) broke her brother Dom (Vin Diesel) out of custody, they've traveled border to border to evade authorities. In Rio de Janeiro, they must do one final job before they can gain their freedom for good. Assembling their elite team of car racers, Brian and Dom know they must confront the corrupt businessman who wants them dead, before the federal agent (Dwayne Johnson) on their trail finds them.
In this remake of a 1963 film based on historical events, Shinzaemon Shimada (Koji Yakusho) leads a team of assassins in 19th-century Japan to eliminate the ruthless Lord Naritsugu Matsudaira (Goro Inagaki), who is wreaking havoc against his own people. Hired secretly by a government official hoping to end Matsudaira's reign of terror, Shimada recruits the best samurai in Japan and then sets a trap for the lord's large contingent of faithful bodyguards.
Television producer Phil Rosenthal, creator of "Everybody Loves Raymond," travels to Moscow to retool the hit show for Russian audiences. However, Rosenthal hits a number of bumps on the road to launching the new version of "Raymond." He's blocked from hiring the actor he wants for the lead role, executives refuse to tape the show in front of a live audience, and a costume designer has a completely opposite view on how the cast should be dressed.
A mix of documentary and fictional elements tells the story of doomed playwright Andrea Dunbar, who wrote about the difficult life she endured growing up in England's Bradford housing projects. Archival footage featuring Dunbar is presented, along with interviews with family members, including her daughter, Lorraine, who led a similarly troubled life. Excerpts from Dunbar's most famous play, "The Arbor," are performed on the streets of her hometown and at Buttershaw Estates, where she lived.
After a plague turns America into a realm of vampires, a hunter (Nick Damici) of the depraved creatures travels cross-country with an orphan (Connor Paolo) he rescued, searching for a safe haven.
Nawal (Lubna Azabal), a dying Middle Eastern woman living in Montreal, leaves separate letters to her twin children to be read once she passes away. Jeanne (Mélissa Désormeaux-Poulin) is to deliver hers to the father the twins never knew, and Simon (Maxim Gaudette) is to give his to the brother they never knew they had. The siblings travel to the Middle East separately, where they each experience acts of brutality, uncover a startling family history, and have revelations about themselves.
Jacob Jankowski (Robert Pattinson), a veterinary student, is close to graduating when a terrible tragedy forces him to leave school. With nowhere else to go, he hops on a passing train and finds it belongs to a traveling circus. Jacob takes a job as an animal caretaker and meets Marlena (Reese Witherspoon), a beautiful circus performer. Their shared compassion for a special elephant named Rosie leads to love, but August (Christoph Waltz), Marlena's cruel husband, stands in their way.
Fascinated by the ubiquity of advertising, documentarian Morgan Spurlock decides to make a film solely financed by product placement. Though many of the companies he contacts decline to participate, Spurlock gains support from businesses such as JetBlue Airways and Ban deodorant. While pitching his ideas, Spurlock visits Sao Paulo, where commercial outdoor displays have been banned, and a Florida school district forced to allow in-school advertising to continue operating.
Filmed over two-and-a-half years in the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya, Keith Scholey and Alastair Fothergil's nature documentary focuses on Sita, a mother cheetah with five cubs, and Mara, a lion cub whose parents, Layla and Fang, are the aging rulers of their pride. As a single mother, it falls to Sita alone to ensure the survival of her progeny, while Mara faces a more immediate threat: If another lion topples Fang, Mara and her siblings will be killed or driven off.
Five ventriloquists discuss their emotional attachments to their dummies.
The life and work of Candy Darling.
Jeb Berrier, a regular American man, makes a pledge to stop using plastic bags at the grocery store and has his life completely changed.
A single mother of a teenager with severe autism has to reckon with her daughter's future.
From a farewell party with strippers to the front lines of the war in Afghanistan, this documentary follows a group of Danish soldiers who face the extremes of boredom and firefights in a puzzling war. The cameras roll as troubling incidents force the soldiers to question the goals of the military campaign and the nature of their own humanity. The troops also discuss the differences between their own upbringing and the lives of the Afghan peasants who bear the brunt of the violence.
Sonia (Ksenia Rappoport) and ex-cop Guido (Filippo Timi) experience a whirlwind romance after a speed-dating event. While in the countryside, where Guido works at a villa, the couple are ambushed in the woods, and both their lives take drastic turns. As the two attempt to recover from the trauma, Sonia grows paranoid that Guido believes she was somehow involved in the attack herself. Guido begins investigating and unearths dark secrets about Sonia, which cause her sense of reality to crumble.
Captured by smugglers when he was just a hatchling, a macaw named Blu (Jesse Eisenberg) never learned to fly and lives a happily domesticated life in Minnesota with his human friend, Linda. Blu is thought to be the last of his kind, but when word comes that Jewel (Anne Hathaway), a lone female, lives in Rio de Janeiro, Blu and Linda go to meet her. Animal smugglers kidnap Blu and Jewel, but the pair soon escape and begin a perilous adventure back to freedom -- and Linda.
Flashbacks reveal the reasons behind a sullen teacher's (Valerio Mastandrea) estrangement from his family, especially his now-dying mother.
Aging Adam Ousmane (Youssouf Djaoro), who was once an up-and-coming Chadian swimmer, now manages the pool at a prestigious local resort. When the new Chinese managers of the establishment decide to downsize, Adam loses his job to his own son, Abdel (Dioucounda Koma). Shattered by this demeaning turn of events, Adam is pressured into contributing to the Chadian war effort. With no money to speak of, the only asset he can donate is his son, who is then abducted into the Chadian army.
This biographical documentary about stand-up comic Bill Hicks uses a photo-animation technique to tell the story of his rise to fame. Through archival material, footage of his routines and interviews with the people who knew him -- including filmmaker Kevin Booth, childhood friend and comedian Dwight Slade and members of his family -- we discover how Hicks emerged from his Southern Baptist upbringing to become one of the most famous performers in America.
Morgan Freeman narrates this documentary about two dedicated animal preservationists. Daphne Sheldrick has created an elephant sanctuary in Kenya, while Dr. Biruté Mary Galdikas has set up an orphanage for orangutans in Borneo. In both cases, the young animals have been left alone after their parents were killed, by either poachers or similar human incursions into their natural habitats. Viewers get to see the animals nurtured with love and care before they are introduced back into the wild.
Raised by her father (Eric Bana) in the Finnish wilderness, teenage Hanna (Saoirse Ronan) has trained all her life to be the perfect assassin. Her father sends her on a mission, and she stealthily makes her way across Europe while evading agents sent after her by a ruthless operative named Marissa (Cate Blanchett), who once worked with Hanna's father. As she draws closer to her target, Hanna faces startling revelations about her existence and begins to question her humanity.
In the late 1970s a group of aspiring New York filmmakers, inspired by the burgeoning underground music scene, takes to the streets to shoot guerrilla-style movies and in the process fosters the influential and highly regarded No Wave movement. This film examines the events that led to No Wave's creation, in which the city itself, which was in decay at the time, plays a significant role. Featuring interviews with Jim Jarmusch, John Waters, Thurston Moore, Debbie Harry and Lydia Lunch.
A man (Clive Owen) has difficulty coping with the knowledge that his 14-year-daughter (Liana Liberato) was assaulted by a sexual predator she met in an online chat room.
Hélène (Sandrine Bonnaire), a housekeeper at a ritzy hotel in Corsica, is devoted to her family but lacks any passion in her own life. When she sees a handsome couple play a passionate game of chess, she becomes inspired to play herself. Hélène's working-class husband (Francis Renaud) and spoiled daughter (Valerie Lagrange) are soon bewildered by her obsession with chess. They also grow suspicious of Hélène's close relationship with Dr. Kröger (Kevin Kline), her eccentric American expat tutor.
Helicopter pilot Colter Stevens (Jake Gyllenhaal) is part of a top-secret military operation that enables him to experience the last few minutes in the life of Sean Fentress, a man who died in a commuter-train explosion. The purpose of Colter's mission is to learn the identity of the bomber and prevent a similar catastrophe. As Colter lives Sean's final moments, he becomes more certain that he can prevent the first tragedy from occurring -- as long as he doesn't run out of time.
While wild animals are mere subjects of fascination for many, some in the United States take the step of bringing them into their homes. This documentary explores the trend of individuals keeping exotic animals as pets and the problems that surround the issue. Among those interviewed are Tim Harrison, an expert on dealing with dangerous pets that have escaped or can't be controlled by their owners, and Terry Brumfield, a troubled man who finds solace in his relationship with his two pet lions.
Morbidly obese and stricken with an autoimmune disease, a man endeavors to drink only fruit and vegetable juice for 60 days in an effort to lose weight and reclaim his health.
Throughout the world, the circus is an old-fashioned form of entertainment that's slowly fading away, and in Mexico, the situation is no different. The Ponces, captained by lead manager and ringmaster Tino, struggle to bring in the crowds and keep their generations-old family business going strong. Compounding this challenge is a weakened economy, particularly in the rural areas where the Ponces pitch their big tent. The soundtrack is enlivened by the music of country-rock band Calexico.
Parents (Patrick Wilson, Rose Byrne) take drastic measures when it seems their new home is haunted and their comatose son (Ty Simpkins) is possessed by a malevolent entity.
Anton (Mikael Persbrandt) is a doctor who travels frequently between his home in Denmark and a refugee camp in Africa. His domestic life is complicated by the fact that he and his wife, Marianne (Trine Dyrholm), are experiencing marital strife and his son, Elias (Markus Rygaard), is a victim of school bullying. When a new boy, whose mother recently died, moves to town and befriends Elias, it provides solace for both father and son. After a reckless act, however, things turn tragic.
An old shepherd drinks church dust to stave off death.
A Gypsy family tries to stay free from the Nazis while traveling through France.
Filmmaker Taggart Siegel examines how the disappearance of bees affects the planet.
A young Russian woman living in Belgium faces deportation.
In 1977 France, tightfisted factory owner Robert Pujol (Fabrice Luchini) is so shocked when his workers strike for higher wages that he suffers a heart attack. His acquiescent wife, Suzanne (Catherine Deneuve), whose father had founded the factory, takes over management duties during Robert's convalescence. To her own surprise, Suzanne turns out to be a natural leader whose less dictatorial management inspires both her workers and local liberal politician Babin (Gérard Depardieu).
Following the advent of glasnost and perestroika and the eventual collapse of the USSR, the childhood beliefs and ideals of many former Soviets are turned upside down. As the former Communist nation splinters and experiments with democracy and capitalism, five Russians -- married couple Lyuba and Borya, single mother Olga, struggling musician Ruslan and clothing salesman Andrei -- attempt to reconcile their newfound reality with long-held assumptions about what it meant to be Russian.
A man (J.K. Simmons) hires a therapist (Julia Ormond) to utilize music as a way to communicate with his brain-damaged son (Lou Taylor Pucci).
For the past 60 years, a wisecracking alien named Paul (Seth Rogen) has resided at a top-secret military base in America's UFO heartland. When Paul decides he has had enough of Earth, he escapes from the compound and hops on the first handy vehicle -- a rented RV manned by two British sci-fi nerds named Graeme (Simon Pegg) and Clive (Nick Frost). With federal agents and the father of an accidental kidnap victim on their tail, the two hatch a crazy plan to help Paul return to his spaceship.
Mike Flaherty (Paul Giamatti) is a struggling, though not overly ambitious, lawyer. As the court-appointed attorney of Leo Poplar (Burt Young), an old man afflicted with dementia, Mike sees an opportunity to take things easy for awhile by volunteering to become Leo's legal guardian and thereby gain control of the man's monthly stipend. The unexpected arrival of Leo's grandson complicates Mike's plans, until he learns that the youth is a champion wrestler who can help the team Mike coaches.
Facing unemployment and his girlfriend's rejection, writer Eddie Morra (Bradley Cooper) is sure that he has no future. That all changes when an old friend gives him a drug that produces enhanced mental acuity. Stoked on the untested chemical, Eddie rises to the top of the financial world and attracts the attention of a tycoon (Robert De Niro) who intends to use him to make a fortune. But terrible side-effects and a dwindling supply threaten to collapse Eddie's house of cards.
In Chile's Atacama Desert, widows search for the bones of loved ones, left by Pinochet's atrocities.
At the end of World War II, 14-year-old Michiel becomes a member of the resistance after he helps a wounded British soldier.
Bill Cunningham, one of the mainstays of the New York Times, has been a contributor to the renowned newspaper for many decades. He's also an incurable and eccentric chronicler of fashion, tirelessly snapping photos of and writing about interestingly attired celebrities and ordinary New Yorkers he spots on the street. This exhaustive profile of Cunningham and his work includes interviews with friends -- and often subjects -- Tom Wolfe, David Rockefeller and Vogue magazine's Anna Wintour.
While touring Tuscany, Italy, promoting his new book, English author James (William Shimell) meets French store owner Elle (Juliette Binoche), and the two hit it off, deciding to spend a free day together. They travel to a nearby town, get coffee, visit a museum and pretend to be recently married in what turns out to be a popular wedding destination. As these two strangers get to know each other, however, it becomes clear there's more to their new relationship than meets the eye.
Igor Savitsky rescues 40,000 pieces of forbidden art and creates a museum.
An African-American woman tries to deal with the death of a loved one while moving.
Mobster Danny Greene (Ray Stevenson) ignites a turf war in 1970s Cleveland that leads to the collapse of the Mafia in several major U.S. cities.
As an orphaned child, Jane Eyre (Mia Wasikowska) is first cruelly abused by her aunt, then cast out and sent to a charity school. Though she meets with further abuse, she receives an education, and eventually takes a job as a governess at the estate of Edward Rochester (Michael Fassbender). Jane and Rochester begin to bond, but his dark moods trouble her. When Jane uncovers the terrible secret Rochester has been hiding, she flees and finds temporary refuge at the home of St. John Rivers.
Mick Haller (Matthew McConaughey) is a charismatic defense attorney who does business out of his Lincoln Continental sedan. Mick spends most of his time defending petty crooks and other bottom-feeders, so it comes as quite a surprise when he lands the case of a lifetime: defending a Beverly Hills playboy (Ryan Phillippe) who is accused of attempted murder. However, what Mick initially thinks is an open-and-shut case with a big monetary reward develops into something more sinister.
Residents of Willets Point, an industrial site filled with scrap heaps and auto shops, try to stop their evictions to allow for urban renewal.
Just as he is on the brink of winning a Senate seat, politician David Norris (Matt Damon) meets a ballerina named Elise Sellas (Emily Blunt). Though David is instantly smitten, mysterious men conspire to keep him away from the beautiful dancer. David learns that he is facing the powerful agents of Fate itself, and glimpsing the future laid out for him, must either accept a predetermined path that does not include Elise or else defy Fate to be with her.
On a dark road, taxi driver Kyung-chul (Min-sik Choi) comes across a scared female motorist stranded in a broken-down vehicle. He pulls over -- but not to help her. When the woman's head is discovered in a local river, her devastated fiancé, Kim Soo-hyeon (Byung-hun Lee), a trained secret agent, becomes obsessed with hunting down her killer. Once he finds Kyung-chul, things get twisted. After brutally beating the murderer, Kim lets him go free, and a demented game of cat and mouse begins.
The manager of a huge bakery tries to save the reputation of the business by preventing the publishing of an article.
A chameleon (Johnny Depp) who has lived as a sheltered family pet finds himself in the grip of an identity crisis. Rango wonders how to stand out when it is his nature to blend in. When he accidentally winds up in a frontier town called Dirt, he takes the first step on a transformational journey as the town's new sheriff. Though at first Rango only role-plays, a series of thrilling situations and outrageous encounters forces him to become a real hero.
After her boyfriend dumps her, a quirky teen (Savanah Wiltfong) enrolls in his school as part of a plan to win him back.
Three teenage boys, exiles from a polygamous sect in Arizona, become refugees in their own country and struggle to find a place in a hostile world.
Afflicted with kidney disease, Uncle Boonmee (Thanapat Saisaymar) is preparing himself for death. He has assembled his relatives in the countryside, convinced he will die within a few days. The ghost of his wife appears and offers guidance on his journey into the beyond, while his estranged son materializes in the guise of a jungle creature. Surrounded by his loved ones, Uncle Boonmee reflects on memories of his past lives, and he decides he must visit a special place before he goes.
An order of Trappist monks whose members include Christian (Lambert Wilson) and Luc (Michael Lonsdale) live among the Muslim population in a quiet corner of Algeria. As the country is plunged into civil war in the mid-1990s, the men of God must decide whether to stay among the impoverished residents who have been their neighbors, or flee the encroaching fundamentalist terrorists. The situation that unfolds, based on actual events, has tragic consequences.
Francis (Xavier Dolan) is a young gay man, Marie (Monia Chokri) is a young straight woman and the two of them are best friends -- until the day the gorgeous Nicolas (Niels Schneider) walks into a Montreal coffee shop. The two friends, instantly and equally infatuated, compete for Nicolas' indeterminate affections, a conflict that climaxes when the trio visit the vacation home of Nicolas' mother. The frothy comedy unfolds through narrative, fantasy sequences and confessional monologues.
A prominent Israeli journalist documents the struggle of an Israeli pediatrician and a Palestinian mother as they try to get treatment for her baby who suffers from an incurable genetic disease.
When a rival pride attacks and kills her mate, lioness Ma di Tau faces an arduous battle to preserve the lives of herself and her three cubs. She knows the conquering lions will kill her offspring if they are found, so she leads them to Duba Island. There, she and her cubs face additional danger from the hungry crocodiles and the fierce water buffalo.
Bolivian film extras launch a protest against the privatization of their water supply, which parallels the Spanish conquest and exploitation of the New World.
A young singing sensation prepares to dazzle the crowd at a sold-out show at Madison Square Garden. Legions of adoring Bieber fans scream as he takes center stage for a memorable night of music. Concert footage mixes with home videos of Justin playing drums and showcasing his talent.
At the end of her life a woman searches for new meaning.
A young man from a strict Muslim background begins college. Due to the 9/11 attacks, he is pushed to confront his past and make some big decisions.
In this film inspired by a true story, Wing Chun martial arts master Ip Man (Donnie Yen) and his family are moving from Foshan, China, to Hong Kong, where Ip aspires to create a school so that he may teach his fighting techniques to a new generation. However, he finds resistance from an asthmatic Hung Ga master named Hong Zhen Nan (Sammo Hung). Soon, Ip is drawn into a treacherous world of corruption as well as a fateful showdown with a merciless boxer known as the Twister (Darren Shahlavi).
Stanless Steel can perform incredible feats of strength but, as he reaches middle age, he struggles with career disappointments and difficult personal relationships that force him to confront his own weaknesses.
The video diaries of a former tenant of his apartment fascinate the artist (Aamir Khan) who currently lives there, while an investment banker (Monica Dogra) befriends a pair of workers for a research project.
An intelligent boy struggles with gang warfare, an alcoholic father and class warfare.
Denounced by his wife as a possible spy in 1939, Janusz (Jim Sturgess) finds himself in a remote Siberian labor camp. Faced with brutal conditions inside and out, Janusz is determined to escape. A blizzard provides him with the perfect opportunity, and he and a small group of fellow prisoners make a break for it. Escape, however, is the easy part, for Janusz and his companions face a 4,000 mile trek on foot through the frozen Himalayas before they can truly be free.
Toward the end of his life, Barney Panofsky (Paul Giamatti) looks back on his triumphs and tragedies, beginning with an ill-fated relationship with Clara (Rachelle Lefevre), whom he marries when she becomes pregnant. When that falls apart, he moves back home to Montreal and gets married twice more, finally finding contentment with Miriam (Rosamund Pike), his third wife. Through it all, Barney is sustained by his work in television, raising children and the advice of his father (Dustin Hoffman).
Tending bar at an elite event in Delhi, India, Jessica (Myra Karn) refuses to serve three men after last call. One of the men, Manish (Mohammed Zeeshan Ayub), who's the son of a big-time politician, shoots her in the head in response. There are dozens of eyewitnesses, but as Jessica's sister, Sabrina (Vidya Balan), discovers, they are either conveniently forgetful or willing to sell their testimony to the highest bidder, leaving an open-and-shut case hostage to greed and political influence.
The creation of the state of Israel in 1948 through to the present day.
A 1960s folk singer comments on the ills of the society -- both of the right and of the left.
This documentary explores real life responses to Oregon's "Death with Dignity Act," the first law in the U.S. to allow physicians to prescribe lethal doses of drugs to the terminally ill. A middle-aged woman with terminal liver cancer, prepares to take her own life, while another cancer patient decides to suffer through his illness even though death is just as certain for him. Others grapple with choosing their own course of action, and one man decides to hold a "death party."
After serving a prison sentence, Bill connects with his oldest son, Jimmy, who soon gets in trouble with his old cohorts. Bill has to choose between helping Jimmy and violating his parole, or letting his son fend for himself -- and remaining free.
A shopkeeper (Michelle Yeoh) must, again, take up the sword of the assassin when her former partners-in-crime come to demand that she hand over the remains of a famous monk.
An examination of the relationship between celebrity and society.
Uxbal (Javier Bardem), a career criminal, plies his trade in Barcelona's underground sweatshops and back alleys. Unlike his associates, he has some respect for the poor workers under his thumb and is a devoted father. Told that he is ill and has just a few months to live, Uxbal tries to get his affairs in order before the spirits, with whom he communes, come to claim him.
Dean (Ryan Gosling) and Cindy (Michelle Williams) live a quiet life in a modest neighborhood. To the casual observer, everything appears normal, if a bit subdued. But a closer examination reveals a couple caught in a downward spiral. They appear to have the world at their feet at the outset of the relationship. However, his lack of ambition and her retreat into self-absorption cause potentially irreversible cracks in their marriage.
Tom (Jim Broadbent) and Gerri (Ruth Sheen) are an older couple who have been happily married for a long time, making them an anomaly among their friends and family members. Gerri's friend Mary (Lesley Manville) is a single woman whose husband left her and who disguises her loneliness. Gerri tries to fix her up with another friend, Ken (Peter Wight), but is taken aback when Mary is more interested in the couple's adult son, Joe (Oliver Maltman), a lawyer who is considerably younger than she is.
Magic tricks can't compete with rock 'n' roll in the 1950s, so a French illusionist (Jean-Claude Donda) finds himself touring Scotland's shabby pubs and run-down restaurants. But things brighten for him when he meets Alice (Eilidh Rankin), a girl who believes his powers are real. Together they travel to Edinburgh for a performance, but he doesn't have the heart to reveal that his feats are merely tricks, and risks financial ruin by giving her gifts supplied by his "magic."
A young math genius solves a complex equation and inadvertently puts a virtual world's artificial intelligence in a position to destroy Earth.
Tragedy follows a young Korean widow (Jeon Do-yeon) after she and her son move to another town to make a fresh start.
After an outlaw named Tom Chaney (Josh Brolin) murders her father, feisty 14-year-old farm girl Mattie Ross (Hailee Steinfeld) hires Rooster Cogburn (Jeff Bridges), a boozy, trigger-happy lawman, to help her find Chaney and avenge her father. The bickering duo are not alone in their quest, for a Texas Ranger named LaBoeuf (Matt Damon) is also tracking Chaney for reasons of his own. Together the unlikely trio ventures into hostile territory to dispense some Old West justice.
Eight months after the accidental death of their 4-year-old son, Howie (Aaron Eckhart) and Becca (Nicole Kidman) are trying to overcome their grief. He wants to hold on to everything that reminds him of Danny, while she would rather sell their home and make a fresh start. Cracks begin to appear in the relationship as Howie bonds with a member of his therapy group and Becca reaches out to a teenage boy with telling facial scars. Based on the play by David Lindsay-Abaire.
The late Spalding Gray was a master of the intelligent monologue, as evidenced by the acclaimed 1987 film version of his one-man show "Swimming to Cambodia." Director Steven Soderbergh examines the work of this witty and articulate but nonetheless troubled performer through segments from his stories and interview footage. This is the story of Spalding Gray told through the words of Spalding Gray, in roughly chronological order and with no outside commentary.
A troubled young woman (Stella Schnabel) has difficulty getting her life back on track following her release from a psychiatric hospital.
For Micky Ward (Mark Wahlberg), boxing is a family affair. His tough-as-nails mother is his manager. His half-brother, Dicky (Christian Bale), once a promising boxer himself, is his very unreliable trainer. Despite Micky's hard work, he is losing and, when the latest fight nearly kills him, he follows his girlfriend's advice and splits from the family. Then Micky becomes a contender for the world title and he -- and his family -- earns a shot at redemption.
Through interviews and archive footage the hippie icon and activist's life and influences on culture is revealed.
Steven Russell (Jim Carrey) becomes a cop, gets married and starts a family, but after a terrible car accident, he vows to be true to himself. He comes out of the closet, moves to Florida, and finances a luxurious lifestyle with bad checks and credit cards. In prison, Steven meets Phillip (Ewan McGregor), a mild-mannered inmate who becomes the love of his life. Determined to build a beautiful life with his lover, Steven embarks on another crime spree.
A young boy named Pietari (Onni Tommila) and his friend Juuso (Ilmari Järvenpää) think a secret mountain drilling project near their home in northern Finland has uncovered the tomb of Santa Claus. However, this a monstrous, evil Santa, much unlike the cheery St. Nick of legend. When Pietari's father (Jorma Tommila) captures a feral old man (Peeter Jakobi) in his wolf trap, the man may hold the key to why reindeer are being slaughtered and children are disappearing.
Politician Benazir Bhutto becomes prime minister of Pakistan.
When ex-Black Panther Marcus (Anthony Mackie) returns to Philadelphia for the funeral of his father, he knows it's not going to be an easy visit. Many of his old radical friends, including "DoRight" Miller (Jamie Hector), still believe that Marcus was responsible for the death of a Panther leader right before he took off. While trying to convince everyone he's not a snitch, Marcus rekindles his relationship with Patricia (Kerry Washington), the widow of the slain leader.
Nina (Natalie Portman) is a ballerina whose passion for the dance rules every facet of her life. When the company's artistic director decides to replace his prima ballerina for their opening production of "Swan Lake," Nina is his first choice. She has competition in newcomer Lily (Mila Kunis) however. While Nina is perfect for the role of the White Swan, Lily personifies the Black Swan. As rivalry between the two dancers transforms into a twisted friendship, Nina's dark side begins to emerge.
England's Prince Albert (Colin Firth) must ascend the throne as King George VI, but he has a speech impediment. Knowing that the country needs her husband to be able to communicate effectively, Elizabeth (Helena Bonham Carter) hires Lionel Logue (Geoffrey Rush), an Australian actor and speech therapist, to help him overcome his stammer. An extraordinary friendship develops between the two men, as Logue uses unconventional means to teach the monarch how to speak with confidence.
When the kingdom's most-wanted bandit, Flynn Rider (Zachary Levi), hides in a convenient tower, he immediately becomes a captive of Rapunzel (Mandy Moore), the spire's longtime resident. Crowned with 70 feet of magical golden hair, she has been locked away for years and desperately wants freedom. The feisty teenager strikes a deal with Flynn, and together they begin a whirlwind adventure.
Without the guidance and protection of their professors, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson) begin a mission to destroy the Horcruxes, the sources of Voldemort's immortality. Though they must rely on one another more than ever, dark forces threaten to tear them apart. Voldemort's Death Eaters have seized control of the Ministry of Magic and Hogwarts, and they are searching for Harry -- even as he and his friends prepare for the ultimate showdown.
Fourteen years after a paralyzing spinal-cord injury, a magician (Hrithik Roshan) sues for the right to control his fate.
Desperate to keep her home as real estate prices rise uncontrollably, a young professional (Josie Ho) decides that murder is a reasonable solution.
As the owner of a coffee plantation in Africa, Maria (Isabelle Huppert) wants only to see her business through the harvest, no matter what's happening around it. Instead of fleeing what seems to be a dangerous conflict, she puts her faith in a rebel leader called The Boxer (Isaach De Bankolé). But as civil wars rip through the continent, and the area becomes increasingly dangerous, Maria may be putting both herself and her family in danger by attempting to weather the storm.
A young Manhattan chef rediscovers his passion for life by making Indian food.
Rita O'Grady (Sally Hawkins) works for the Ford Motor Co. plant in Dagenham, England. Despite performing the specialized task of sewing upholstery for car seats, women are classified as unskilled labor and paid much less than men. Encouraged by a sympathetic union representative, Rita agrees to bring the women's grievances to Ford. The meeting goes badly and, outraged by the company's lack of respect for them, Rita leads her colleagues to strike.
Players, managers, sports writers and fans discuss the contributions of Jewish ballplayers and their impact on American Jews.
A down-and-out millionaire uses his fame to find love and confronts his obnoxious behavior.
When a massive, unmanned locomotive roars out of control, the threat is more ominous than just a derailment. The train is laden with toxic chemicals, and an accident would decimate human life and cause an environmental disaster. The only hope of bringing the train to a safe stop is in the hands of a veteran engineer (Denzel Washington) and a young conductor (Chris Pine), who must risk their lives to save those in the runaway's path. Inspired by true events.
Wife and mother Valerie Plame (Naomi Watts) has a double life as a CIA operative, hiding her vocation from family and friends. Her husband, Joseph Wilson (Sean Penn), writes a controversial article in The New York Times, refuting stories about the sale of enriched uranium to Iraq, Then Valerie's secret work and identity is leaked to the press. With her cover blown and other people endangered, Valerie's career and personal life begin to unravel.
An exploration of the drama, struggle and legacy of the first gay play and subsequent Hollywood movie to successfully reach a mainstream audience.
The life and work of the novelist.
A female Marine officer faces a tough duty; preparing a tempestuous teenage girl for boot camp.
Though he is the most-brilliant supervillain the world has known, Megamind (Will Ferrell) is the least-successful. Thwarted time and again by heroic Metro Man (Brad Pitt), Megamind is more surprised than anyone when he actually manages to defeat his longtime enemy. But without Metro Man, Megamind has no purpose in life, so he creates a new opponent, who quickly decides that it's more fun to be a bad guy than a hero.
While exploring a remote canyon in Utah, mountaineer and adventurer Aron Ralston (James Franco) becomes trapped when a boulder falls on his arm. Over the next five days, Ralston examines his life and considers his options, leading him to an agonizing choice: to amputate his arm so that he can extricate himself and try to make his way back to civilization or remain pinned to the canyon wall and likely die. Based on Ralston's book, "Between a Rock and a Hard Place."
In the late 2000s, New York Governor Eliot Spitzer is a rising star in the Democratic Party. He's a no-nonsense politician and former attorney general who holds corporations accountable for unethical business practices. But, just one year after he becomes governor, Spitzer resigns after being outed as a frequent client of an expensive and elite escort service. Along with political colleagues and friends, a remorseful Spitzer talks about how his infidelity affected his life and career.
A group of young Muslim men living in Sheffield decide to wage jihad, and they hatch an inept plan to become suicide bombers. Omar (Riz Ahmed) and Waj (Kayvan Novak) have a brief, disastrous run at a Pakistan training camp, while Faisal (Adeel Akhtar) works on an unlikely scheme to train birds to carry bombs. Their ill-conceived plan culminates at the London Marathon with their bumbling attempts to disrupt the event while dressed in outlandish costumes.
Algerians struggle for independence from France following World War II.
Located just outside Rio de Janeiro, Jardim Gramacho, Brazil, is the world's largest garbage landfill. Modern artist Vik Muniz works with the so-called catadores, the men and women who pick through the refuse, to create art out of recycled materials. Muniz selects six of the garbage pickers to pose as subjects in a series of photographs mimicking famous paintings. In his desire to assist the catadores and change their lives, Muniz finds himself changed as well.
In this documentary, Chris Mburu finishes elementary and secondary school in his poor Kenyan village, thanks to the generosity of Hilde Back, a school teacher Chris has never met. After receiving a scholarship, Chris studies law at Harvard University and joins the United Nations as a human rights legal advocate. He later establishes his own foundation to award scholarships to bright but needy children in poor countries around the world, and embarks on a search to find -- and thank -- Hilde.
Stephin Merritt's distinctive singing voice and witty lyrics about life and love make his band, the Magnetic Fields, a cultishly adored indie rock group. His decades-long friendship with Claudia Gonson, his band mate and manager, provides fuel for his music, while his eccentric working habits contribute to his image as a singularly talented musician and writer. Interviews with fans like fantasy author Neil Gaiman and pop icon Peter Gabriel provide insight into Merritt's influential career.
Two brothers spend a day driving around LA County looking for cheap drugs.
Henry places his music and reputation on the line by playing gigs in L.A.
Young Venezuelan Marxist Ilich Ramirez Sanchez (Edgar Ramírez) is recruited by the leader of a Palestinian terrorist organization (Ahmad Kaabour) to perform several jobs in Europe in the early 1970s, culminating in the audacious kidnapping of several OPEC oil ministers. From that small-scale beginning, he becomes an infamous international terrorist for hire, known in the media as Carlos the Jackal, who performs violent acts across the globe for a wide variety of nations and organizations.
When her older brother Kenny (Sam Rockwell) is convicted of murder and sentenced to life in 1983, Betty Anne Waters (Hilary Swank) vows to get the conviction overturned. Beginning an 18-year quest to exonerate Kenny, Betty Anne puts herself through college and law school. With the help of her best friend (Minnie Driver), Betty Anne pores over piles of suspicious evidence and retraces the steps that led to Kenny's arrest in the hope of finally winning her brother's freedom.
Bill (Robert Hill) and his son, Karl (Robin Hill), work together in the oldest of family businesses -- organized crime. After spending a few days in jail, they return home and realize they may have a rat in their midst. As they try to pick out the informant from a group that includes a corrupt politician (Mark Kempner) and an unpredictable hit man (Michael Smiley), Karl learns his girlfriend (Kerry Peacock) is pregnant and deals with his wife's anger, as well as his parents' disapproval.
After surviving an assault from a squad of hit men, retired CIA agent Frank Moses (Bruce Willis) reassembles his old team for an all-out war. Frank reunites with old Joe (Morgan Freeman), crazy Marvin (John Malkovich) and wily Victoria (Helen Mirren) to uncover a massive conspiracy that threatens their lives. Only their expert training will allow them to survive a near-impossible mission -- breaking into CIA headquarters.
Johnny Knoxville, Bam Margera, Steve-O, Wee Man and the rest of their fearless and foolhardy friends take part in another round of outrageous pranks and stunts. In addition to standing in the path of a charging bull, launching themselves into the air and crashing through various objects, the guys perform in segments such as "Sweatsuit Cocktail," "Beehive Tetherball" and "Lamborghini Tooth Pull."
A Hong Kong policeman (Leslie Cheung) blames his reformed-gangster brother (Ti Lung) for the death of their father.
Gifted writer, composer, herbalist and more, a Benedictine nun (Barbara Sukowa) works to expand the status and responsibilities of women within her order.
A rebellious teenager, future Beatle John Lennon (Aaron Johnson) lives with his Aunt Mimi (Kristin Scott Thomas) in working-class Liverpool, England. Mimi's husband suddenly dies, and John spies his mother, Julia (Anne-Marie Duff), at the funeral. Despite Mimi's misgivings, John intends to have a real relationship with his mother. Julia introduces him to popular music and the banjo and, though a family conflict looms, young Lennon is inspired to form his own band.
After recovering from a brutal attack that left him in a coma, Mark Hogancamp builds a miniature World War II-era town in his backyard and creates photographic stories of its intrigues.
Erica is emotionless and jumps into bed with any man she meets, until she discovers the kindness of strangers.
A college freshman gets a free life lesson when he falls for an older woman and her teenage daughter falls for him.
Community organizer Ayed Morrar seeks help from Palestinian and Israeli activists to help his village mount nonviolent protests against Israel's expropriation of their West Bank land.
The global financial meltdown that took place in Fall 2008 caused millions of job and home losses and plunged the United States into a deep economic recession. Matt Damon narrates a documentary that provides a detailed examination of the elements that led to the collapse and identifies keys financial and political players. Director Charles Ferguson conducts a wide range of interviews and traces the story from the United States to China to Iceland to several other global financial hot spots.
Despite her lack of experience, housewife and mother Penny Chenery (Diane Lane) agrees to take over management of the family Thoroughbred farm after her father (Scott Glenn) becomes ill. Successfully navigating her way through the male-dominated world of horse racing, Chenery, together with veteran trainer Lucien Laurin (John Malkovich), fosters a gifted colt that ultimately crosses the finish line into history as the Triple Crown winner in 1973.
A morally bankrupt man grows wings that make him do good deeds.
Bullied at school, neglected at home and incredibly lonely, 12-year-old Owen (Kodi Smit-McPhee) spends his days plotting revenge on his tormentors and spends his nights spying on other residents of the apartment complex. His sole friend is Abby (Chloë Grace Moretz), a strange girl who comes out only at nighttime. Both outcasts, the two form a strong bond. When Abby's caretaker disappears amid a series of gruesome murders, Owen begins to suspect that she is hiding a terrible secret.
In 2003, Harvard undergrad and computer genius Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eisenberg) begins work on a new concept that eventually turns into the global social network known as Facebook. Six years later, he is one of the youngest billionaires ever, but Zuckerberg finds that his unprecedented success leads to both personal and legal complications when he ends up on the receiving end of two lawsuits, one involving his former friend (Andrew Garfield). Based on the book "The Accidental Billionaires."
The life story of Yip Man, the first person to teach the Chinese martial art of Wing Chun.
An ex-con is lured back into the drug trade.
When biological parents try to get their child back, a man and his wife must fight to retain custody of their adopted son.
This film by director Davis Guggenheim investigates the public school system in the United States, and uncovers the many ways in which education in America has declined. Rather than relying largely on statistics and expert opinions, Guggenheim focuses on five students -- Anthony, Bianca, Daisy, Emily and Francisco -- portraying their own individual struggles and triumphs within problem-plagued academic settings where there are no easy solutions to the myriad issues that affect them.
This psychedelic tour of life after death is seen entirely from the point of view of Oscar (Nathaniel Brown), a young American drug dealer and addict living in Tokyo with his prostitute sister, Linda (Paz de la Huerta). When Oscar is killed by police during a bust gone bad, his spirit journeys from the past -- where he sees his parents before their deaths -- to the present -- where he witnesses his own autopsy -- and then to the future, where he looks out for his sister from beyond the grave.
Unwilling to accept a gloomy prognosis for her autistic son, Keli, Margrét begins a journey from Iceland to the United States for proper treatment. Seeking answers about the cause of his complex and mysterious condition, Margrét comes into contact with foreign cultures and challenging new information about her son. In a documentary that's rich with beautiful visuals from Margrét's journey, director Fridrik Thor Fridriksson tells a powerful story of love and discovery.
A civilian truck driver in Iraq, Paul Conroy (Ryan Reynolds) falls victim to a band of insurgents. An unknown length of time later, Paul awakes in a coffin, with little more than a lighter, a cell phone, and his ever-growing anxiety. Faced with a dwindling oxygen supply and a dying battery, Paul must fight panic, despair and delirium as he awaits a rescue that might not arrive in time.
Tinker Bell (Mae Whitman) visits the meadows of England in summer and develops a special bond with a child in need of a friend. When the other fairies launch a daring rescue, Tinker Bell has to take a huge risk to keep all of fairykind safe.
When Nev Shulman, a New York photographer, receives a Facebook request from a child named Abby, he cannot guess the unusual odyssey on which he will soon embark. Abby sends Nev an unusually skilled painting based on one of his photos. Intrigued, he begins online relationships with the rest of Abby's family, including her older sister, Megan. Though troubling inconsistencies soon emerge, Nev continues his online flirtation with Megan, resulting in a road trip to meet her in person.
Doug MacRay (Ben Affleck) leads a band of ruthless bank robbers and has no real attachments except for James (Jeremy Renner), who -- despite his dangerous temper -- is like a brother. Everything changes for Doug when James briefly takes a hostage, bank employee Claire Keesey. Learning that she lives in the gang's neighborhood, Doug seeks her out to discover what she knows, and he falls in love. As the romance deepens, he wants out of his criminal life, but that could threaten Claire.
Prompted by her popular best friend to spill details of her boring weekend, Olive (Emma Stone), a clean-cut teen, decides to spice things up by telling a little lie about losing her virginity. When the high-school busybody (Amanda Bynes) overhears the conversation and spreads it all over campus, Olive is suddenly notorious but for the wrong reasons.
A medieval re-enactment turns to tragedy when a guy intervenes to win back his girlfriend.
When Josh Fox receives a $100,000 offer from a natural gas company interested in exploring in his land in Pennsylvania's Delaware River Basin, he decides to do his own research on drilling and the process known as fracking. Josh sets out to interview those who live near drilling sites, and his findings are frightening -- their wells contaminated, residents can actually set their tap water on fire. Visits to sites in Colorado, Wyoming and Texas yield similar horrific findings.
Sixteen pastry chefs demonstrate extraordinary skill and artistry as they create sweet delights in competition for a coveted honor in Les Meilleurs Ouvriers de France.
Friends Kathy (Carey Mulligan), Tommy (Andrew Garfield) and Ruth (Keira Knightley) grow up together at a seemingly idyllic boarding school in the English countryside. When they leave the school and the horrible truth of their true purpose is revealed to them, they must simultaneously confront deep-seated feelings of love, jealousy and betrayal that threaten to tear their friendship asunder.
Alex (Romain Duris) is a successful entrepreneur in a business he himself pioneered: Hire him, and he'll seduce any woman you want into falling in love with him, thus breaking her out of an existing relationship, after which he'll disappear. When a wealthy businessman asks him to break up his daughter's relationship before her wedding in 10 days, it sounds tough but doable -- that is, until he meets the bride, Juliette (Vanessa Paradis), who may be the first woman to resist his charms.
Filmmakers examine the stress placed on today's young students in terms of competitiveness and overscheduling.
Brian Wilson, Yoko Ono and Robin Williams are among Nilsson's friends, family and colleagues who delve into the acclaimed singer-songwriter's music, creative process and personal demons.
A young couple move into an old schoolhouse to start their lives over, but they are drawn into dark and unforeseen situations.
A corrupt police officer highlights the flaws in the system.
Martin (Martin Landau), a perennial bachelor, is surprised when his new neighbor Mary (Ellen Burstyn) asks him out on a date. The unexpected romance blooms until Martin's fear and jealousy take the couple down an unexpected path.
After nearly being killed during a violent fight with a powerful drug lord, a former Mexican Federale known as Machete (Danny Trejo) roams Texas streets as a vigilante and sometime day-laborer. Hired to perform a covert hit, he is double-crossed and forced to go on the run. Machete may be down, but not out, and he carves a path of blood, bullets and broken hearts in his quest to settle the score.
Annually, an estimated 130 million factories workers in China migrate from their city of employment back to the village they grew up in. This documentary spotlights married couple Chen and Zhang as they make their own journey. Chen and Zhang must struggle to reconnect with their children, whom they see only once a year. When they discover that their daughter has decided to drop out of school to work at a factory herself, they begin questioning the value of their sacrifice.
A brilliant saboteur operates during World War II.
Jacques Mesrine becomes France's most-wanted criminal.
Despite a lack of affinity for dogs, a confirmed bachelor (Christopher Plummer) adopts an Alsatian and forms a close bond with his new companion.
A woman suffers from a rare disease.
French gangster Jacques Mesrine (Vincent Cassel) eventually becomes Public Enemy No. 1.
Greek restaurateur Zinos (Adam Bousdoukos) can't seem to get a break. The girl he loves moves to China, so he decides to leave his beloved diner in the hands of his brother, Ilias (Moritz Bleibtreu), who quickly gets in over his head. When the heartbroken Zinos returns, his neighborhood "soul kitchen" has been taken over by the mob and is in debt. He decides to re-open with a hotshot chef, but will his loyal clientele -- used to bad food and good company -- ever return?
The family of professional football player turned soldier Pat Tillman sets out to explore and uncover the real story behind their son's death in April 2004 when he was serving in Afghanistan. Tillman, killed not by the Taliban as had first been reported, but instead by friendly fire, left a million-dollar career to serve the United States. But, while searching for the truth, his family uncovers more than the real story -- they expose a shocking propagandistic military cover-up.
Missak Manouchian (Simon Abkarian) was born in Armenia but immigrated to France before the start of World War II. Along with his wife, Mélinée (Virginie Ledoyen), Missak is deeply opposed to the Nazi occupation forces. He forms a ragtag group of immigrant rebel fighters, which includes a sniper (Robinson Stévenin) and a bomb-making expert (Grégoire Leprince-Ringuet), and begins hunting down German officers. As news of their exploits spreads, the group's members are targeted for elimination.
During World War I a mining engineer (Brendan Cowell) and his team dig a network of tunnels beneath German lines and pack them with explosives.
Israeli director Yael Hersonski examines a recently found film reel from an unfinished Nazi movie entitled "Das Ghetto" in this award-winning documentary. For decades, historians have relied on "Das Ghetto" as a portrayal of life in occupied Warsaw and this new footage provides rare insights into one of the biggest propaganda machines of all time. Hersonski uses personal journals and accounts as well as an interview with a surviving cameraman to re-examine this dark cinematic relic.
As bass guitarist for a garage-rock band, Scott Pilgrim (Michael Cera) has never had trouble getting a girlfriend; usually, the problem is getting rid of them. But when Ramona Flowers (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) skates into his heart, he finds she has the most troublesome baggage of all: an army of ex-boyfriends who will stop at nothing to eliminate him from her list of suitors.
On the verge of losing his family's farm, Natha (Omkar Das Manikpuri) arrives at a unique solution to his financial predicament: suicide. After all, the Indian government supplies hefty payouts to the families of farmers who kill themselves. But, when a broadcast journalist hears of Natha's plan, the poor man is thrust into the center of a media circus. While a nation of viewers watches what Natha will do with bated breath, local politicians fear a backlash from the controversy.
In this gritty Australian crime drama, young Joshua "J" Cody (James Frecheville) is taken in by his extended family after his mother dies of an overdose. This branch of the Cody clan, overseen by J's scheming grandmother, Janine (Jacki Weaver), is heavily involved in various criminal activities, and they quickly indoctrinate the boy into their way of life. However, J is given an opportunity to take a different route when a cop named Leckie (Guy Pearce) seeks to help him leave the family fold.
Alice Creed (Gemma Arterton), the daughter of a wealthy family, is kidnapped for ransom by two masked men, one of whom is her boyfriend, Danny (Martin Compston). The other man is Vic (Eddie Marsan), who Danny intends to double-cross once they get the ransom. Although Alice eventually discovers that Danny is one of her abductors, they are forced to continue acting like strangers, since Vic does not know about Alice and Danny's relationship -- and would kill them both if he were to find out.
With some time off from her job as a magazine editor, New Yorker Juliette (Patricia Clarkson) decides to share a holiday with her husband, who works for the United Nations. Upon arriving in Cairo, however, she finds he's stuck in Gaza, and he sends his former bodyguard, Tareq (Alexander Siddig) -- now relocated back in Cairo to work at his family business -- to act as her guide around the city. Soon Juliette finds herself captivated by both the city and her companion.
Mountaineers Conrad Anker and Lou Houlding set out to recreate famed British explorer George Mallory's ill-fated attempt to reach the summit of Mount Everest in 1924.
This tense war film focuses on a group of Israeli soldiers operating a tank in hostile territory during the 1982 conflict in Lebanon. Hindered by tight quarters, limited visibility and stifling heat, the troops inside the tank, including the frustrated Hertzel (Oshri Cohen), begin to quarrel amongst themselves, leaving themselves open to attack by their Lebanese enemies. As their mission -- to clear the area of opposing forces -- progresses, the situation becomes increasingly dire.
Unlike their heroic counterparts on the force, desk-bound NYPD detectives Gamble (Will Ferrell) and Hoitz (Mark Wahlberg) garner no headlines as they work day to day. Gamble relishes his job as a paper pusher, but Hoitz is itching to get back on the street and make a name for himself. When a seemingly minor case turns out to be a big deal, the two cops get the opportunity to finally prove to their comrades that they have the right stuff.
Following a select group of artistic and overeducated parking lot attendants as they wage war against the people who park in their lot.
A French chef hires three hit men to help him avenge the murders of his daughter's family.
Over 10 years time, journalist Thet Sambath elicits confessions of the Cambodian genocide under Pol Pot's regime, getting answers about the evils that destroyed his own family.
When much-feared hermit Felix Bush (Robert Duvall) comes to town with a wad of cash and announces his intention to preside over his own funeral, fast-talking mortician Frank Quinn (Bill Murray) smells a big payday in the air. Frank sends his young apprentice, Buddy, to charm Felix and win Felix's business. As the day of the unusual event approaches, Buddy uncovers a long-held secret involving the hermit, a local widow (Sissy Spacek) and an Illinois preacher.
Paparazzo Ron Galella goes to extreme lengths to snap celebrity photos, including an obsessive pursuit of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis that twice landed him in court.
Many years ago, Andrei Simoniovich Filipov (Aleksei Guskov) was fired as conductor of the Bolshoi Orchestra for hiring Jewish musicians. Now a janitor, he learns that members of the orchestra have been invited to perform in Paris. Andrei gathers his former players and plans to substitute them for the current ones, and he hopes that a beautiful virtuoso (Mélanie Laurent) will accompany them.
Hugh Hefner, magazine entrepreneur and lover of beautiful women, battles the U.S. government, religious groups and militant feminists to stay in business.
After just moving to Sarajevo, a young woman is imprisoned in a Bosnian war camp.
Michael Campbell -- a white, 75-year-old farmer living in Zimbabwe -- stands up for his rights against an oppressive government in this fascinating documentary. Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's controversial "Land Reform" system has forced most white farmers out of the country, turning their properties over to inexperienced government officials. But Campbell, determined to defend his farm (and the black workers and family members who live there), takes his case to international court.
Ramona Quimby (Joey King) is a plucky youngster with an irrepressible sense of fun and mischief -- a fact that keeps her big sister, Beezus, on her toes. Ramona's vivid imagination and boundless energy serve her well when the two girls must help save their family's home on Klickitat Street.
Although the Cold War is behind us, the threat of nuclear disaster remains very real. Director Lucy Walker discusses the invention of the atomic bomb and brings the story into the present day, examining the possibility of nuclear calamity under the categories of "Madness," "Accident" and "Miscalculation." With narration by Gary Oldman, the film includes a hypothetical sequence of a nuclear explosion in New York City's Times Square, timed to coincide with the New Year's Eve countdown.
A Russian intelligence operative (Emir Kusturica) passes classified documents to a French engineer (Guillaume Canet).
A thoughtful portrait of a renowned artist, this documentary shines the spotlight on New York City painter Jean-Michel Basquiat. Featuring extensive interviews conducted by Basquiat's friend, filmmaker Tamra Davis, the production reveals how he dealt with being a black artist in a predominantly white field. The film also explores Basquiat's rise in the art world, which led to a close relationship with Andy Warhol, and looks at how the young painter coped with acclaim, scrutiny and fame.
Dom Cobb (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a thief with the rare ability to enter people's dreams and steal their secrets from their subconscious. His skill has made him a hot commodity in the world of corporate espionage but has also cost him everything he loves. Cobb gets a chance at redemption when he is offered a seemingly impossible task: Plant an idea in someone's mind. If he succeeds, it will be the perfect crime, but a dangerous enemy anticipates Cobb's every move.
Filmmaker Henri-Georges Clouzot's unfinished film, "Inferno," is reconstructed.
A man and his son embark on an epic sea journey.
A man who delights in all things wicked, supervillain Gru (Steve Carell) hatches a plan to steal the moon. Surrounded by an army of little yellow minions and his impenetrable arsenal of weapons and war machines, Gru makes ready to vanquish all who stand in his way. But nothing in his calculations and groundwork has prepared him for his greatest challenge: three adorable orphan girls (Miranda Cosgrove, Dana Gaier, Elsie Fisher) who want to make him their dad.
Lesbian couple Jules (Julianne Moore) and Nic (Annette Bening) have been together for almost 20 years and have two teenage offspring named Joni and Laser, who were conceived via artificial insemination. Unbeknown to their mothers, Joni and Laser seek out their biological father, a restaurateur named Paul (Mark Ruffalo). Complications arise when the teens bond with Paul and invite him into their lives.
Filmmaker Ben Steinbauer interviews Jack Rebney, whose profanity-strewn outtakes from a 1988 industrial film about a line of recreational vehicles turned him into a cult hero.
A doctor and a SWAT team enter a quarantined building where a virus has turned the residents into a pack of ravenous monsters.
Lisbeth, a computer hacker, goes on the run after being accused of three murders. It is up to journalist Mikael to investigate to try and clear her name.
Two exorcists remove the skeletons from people's cupboards revealing embarassing secrets.
Photographer Tim Hetherington and journalist Sebastian Junger allow the realities of war to speak for themselves in this unnarrated documentary about a U.S. platoon in Afghanistan. The men of Second Platoon, Battle Company, 173rd Airborne Brigade teeter from naivete to weariness as months of alternating boredom and fighting take their toll. The loss of medic Juan "Doc" Restrepo leads the platoon to name an outpost in the remote Korengal Valley after him.
A controlling, manipulative father (Christos Stergioglou) locks his three adult offspring in a state of perpetual childhood by keeping them prisoner within the sprawling family compound. The children are bored to tears in spite of distractions like Christina (Anna Kalaitzidou), an employee of their father's who makes regular visits to sexually service the son (Hristos Passalis). Increasingly curious about the outside world, the older daughter (Aggeliki Papoulia) hatches a plan to escape.
Interviewers ask people who have influenced humanity to talk about their beliefs.
With their beloved Andy preparing to leave for college, Woody (Tom Hanks), Buzz Lightyear (Tim Allen), Jessie (Joan Cusack), and the rest of the toys find themselves headed for the attic but mistakenly wind up on the curb with the trash. Woody's quick thinking saves the gang, but all but Woody end up being donated to a day-care center. Unfortunately, the uncontrollable kids do not play nice, so Woody and the gang make plans for a great escape.
A history reveals the Mormon Church's stance against the rights of people who are not heterosexual.
At a dinner -- during which her husband, Tancredi (Pippo Delbono), learns that he and his son Edoardo Recchi Jr. (Flavio Parenti) are about to assume control of the Edoardo Recchi Sr.'s (Gabriele Ferzetti) lucrative business -- Emma (Tilda Swinton) meets a chef named Antonio (Edoardo Gabbriellini). Antonio and Emma soon find themselves in bed together. With the family already divided over the elder Recchi's unusual plans, Emma's affair is the wild card that might divide the family for good.
In June 1969, a police raid on New York's Stonewall Inn sparks a three-day riot that leads to the gay-rights movement.
A petty crook (Rapulana Seiphemo) builds a criminal empire in Johannesburg, but an escalating war with a drug lord and police pressure threaten to shut him down.
This revealing documentary follows the life and career of Joan Rivers, a veteran comedienne arguably more known for her extensive plastic surgery than for her talent. The film explores her early years in the comedy industry and touches on her longtime professional relationship with Johnny Carson, who is one of many celebrities featured, along with George Carlin, Phyllis Diller, Kathy Griffin and Rivers' own daughter and frequent screen partner, Melissa Rivers.
When his mother's career results in a move to China, 12-year-old Dre Parker (Jaden Smith) finds that he is a stranger in a strange land. Though he knows a little karate, his fighting skills are no match for Cheng, the school bully. Dre finds a friend in Mr. Han (Jackie Chan), a maintenance man who is also a martial-arts master. Mr. Han teaches Dre all about kung fu in the hope that Dre will be able to face down Cheng and perhaps win the heart of a pretty classmate named Mei Ying.
This documentary, directed by Madeleine Sackler, shows the tough choices that face inner-city parents regarding their children's education. With public schools, especially in poor areas, often failing to effectively educate children, many parents have turned to charter schools. The film examines the issue and chronicles the journey of four families from Harlem and the Bronx in New York City attempting to overcome the long odds and gain entrance for their children in a successful charter school.
Faced with an unresponsive mother and a criminal father, Ozark teenager Ree Dolly (Jennifer Lawrence) does what she can to manage the household and take care of her two younger siblings. Informed by the sheriff (Garret Dillahunt) that their father put their home up for bond and then disappeared, Ree sets out on a dangerous quest to find him. Her entire family's fate now in her hands, Ree challenges her outlaw kin's code of silence and risks her life to learn her father's fate.
A happily married man volunteers at his son's school and begins to fall in love with a teacher.
A documentary about the Canadian rock band Rush relates the group's 40-year history and examines its continuing popularity. Using extensive archival footage, it follows the resilient rockers, lead guitarist Alex Lifeson and singer/bassist Geddy Lee, from when they started the band in the late 1960s through to the present. A diverse group of interviewees, such as musician Billy Corgan, actor Jack Black and "South Park" creator Matt Stone, shares what makes the band so special.
An ambitious executive at a record company, Aaron Green (Jonah Hill) gets what looks like an easy assignment: He must escort British rock legend Aldous Snow (Russell Brand) to L.A.'s Greek Theatre for the first stop on a lucrative comeback-concert tour. Snow, however, has different plans. Learning his true love is in California, the rocker vows to win her back before starting the tour, forcing Aaron to pull out all the stops to get Snow on stage in time.
Two filmmakers investigate the disappearance of five children and the real boogeyman linked to them.
Four doctors struggle to provide care in war zones.
Fisherman Syracuse (Colin Farrell), a recovering alcoholic, lives with his daughter, Annie (Alison Barry), in a small village on the Irish coast. One afternoon, a mystifying and beautiful girl, Ondine (Alicja Bachleda), gets caught in his nets as he wades along the water. Aboard the boat, Ondine brings Syracuse great luck, seemingly drawing the fish towards his nets. However, the fisherman starts to fear that Ondine may not be meant for this life.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair (Michael Sheen) forges a loyal friendship with President Bill Clinton (Dennis Quaid).
Bazil (Dany Boon) has been a victim of weapons manufacturers his entire life. His father was killed by a land mine, and Bazil lost his job after he was shot by an errant bullet -- which is still lodged in his skull. Now Bazil lives on the streets of Paris, where he encounters Slammer (Jean-Pierre Marielle). Slammer takes him under his wing, introducing him to other outcasts. With the help of his new entourage, Bazil devises a plan to exact revenge on the companies that took so much from him.
Grégoire (Louis-Do de Lencquesaing) is torn between the demands of his family and his obsession with his career. He runs an independent film company and barely has time to see his frustrated wife, Sylvia (Chiara Caselli), or his three daughters during the week. Their weekends are spent trying to enjoy time together even as Grégoire compulsively checks in with his partners. After a tragic incident, Sylvia takes over the company and realizes the extent of her husband's secrets.
Marshall Curry goes behind the scenes of the World Karting Association, a youth racing league that often serves as a springboard to NASCAR. Curry documents the skills and challenges of three teen racers -- Josh Hobson, Brandon Warren and Annabeth Barnes. Along with exciting race footage, the audience is provided background on the racers and their unique situations: Hobson's professionalism, Warren's anger issues and Barnes' struggle with commitment.
Ever since his wife (Stephanie Bishop) left him, Eric Bishop's (Steve Evets) life has fallen apart. His two teen sons (Gerard Kearns, Stefan Gumbs) have little regard for him, his job at the post office is increasingly unfulfilling and he ends up in the hospital after a car crash. One night, he smokes marijuana and has a vision of his favorite Manchester United soccer player: Eric Cantona. With the help of his idol and his daughter (Lucy-Jo Hudson), Eric tries to get his life straightened out.
Robert tries to make money by marrying someone who needs U.S. immigration papers, and a young Serbian emigrant tries to earn money in New York City to pay for his girlfriend's passport.
With the world now aware that he is Iron Man, billionaire inventor Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) faces pressure from all sides to share his technology with the military. He is reluctant to divulge the secrets of his armored suit, fearing the information will fall into the wrong hands. With Pepper Potts (Gwyneth Paltrow) and "Rhodey" Rhodes (Don Cheadle) by his side, Tony must forge new alliances and confront a powerful new enemy.
Filmmaker Thomas Balmès criss-crosses the globe to observe and record the first two years in the lives of four infants and their families. Ponijao is the youngest of nine children and lives in a village in Namibia. Bayarjargal's family lives in Mongolia. Hattie is a San Francisco couple's first child, and Mari is the first child of a couple living in Tokyo.
This documentary tracks the high life and eventual downfall of wealthy lobbyist and businessman Jack Abramoff, who was convicted of conspiracy and fraud, among other charges, in a corruption scandal during the George W. Bush administration. The film details Abramoff's decadent and lavish lifestyle and reveals the shady dealings that led to his getting arrested, which ultimately resulted in a prison sentence for him and tarnished reputations for others.
Men and women on the front lines of the financial crisis struggle to remain relevant.
Two men's encounter in 1996 leads them to Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden, and the Supreme Court.
A French secret agent (Jean Dujardin) is sent to Brazil to retrieve a list of his countrymen who collaborated with the Nazis.
The lives of three women have a commonality: adoption. Karen (Annette Bening) is a physical therapist who regrets that, as a teenager, she gave up her daughter for adoption. Elizabeth (Naomi Watts) was an adopted child and is now a successful lawyer, but her personal life lacks warmth. Lucy (Kerry Washington) and her husband have failed to conceive and now hope to adopt a baby to make their family complete.
Stricken with polio as a child, Ian Dury (Andy Serkis) finds success as a British punk rocker in the 1970s.
A Montreal teenager (Jay Baruchel) believes that he is the reincarnation of Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky.
In 2007, conservative blogger Greg Letiecq and local politician Corey A. Stewart push through a crackdown on illegal immigrants in Virginia's Prince William County, leading to a local ordinance that allows the police to stop and question anyone who might be an illegal immigrant. When its backers go too far with their heavy-handed tactics, and the ordinance almost immediately contributes to an economic decline of the county, previously silent members of the community make their voices heard.
Kate (Catherine Keener) and her husband Alex (Oliver Platt) are wealthy New Yorkers who prowl estate sales and make a tidy profit reselling items they bought cheaply. They buy the apartment next door and plan to remodel just as soon as its current occupant, a cranky old woman, dies. Kate is troubled by the way she and her husband earn a living, and tries to assuage her guilt by befriending her tenant and the woman's granddaughters, but her overtures lead to unexpected consequences.
A retired soldier and widower (Michael Caine) doles out his own brand of justice after young hoodlums murder his best friend.
Laevsky runs away with his married mistress Nadya and suffers a mental breakdown.
A car thief (Mateo Morales), a drug dealer (Shane Kippel) and a violent criminal (Adam Butcher) face brutal inmates at a correctional facility.
Adventurer Jeff Johnson retraces a 1968 trip to Patagonia undertaken by his heroes, Yvon Chouinard and Doug Tompkins.
This documentary reviews the making of the film "Troll 2" from the perspective of its former child actor star, Michael Stephenson. In 1989, a group of actors and an Italian production crew join forces to produce a slice of unwitting cinematic history. Stephenson and those involved with the ill-fated sequel tell the story of Italian director Claudio Fragasso's B-movie classic, among them the Alabama dentist who became a cult star because of his famous, immortal line.
The golden age of burlesque is revealed through personal and intimate stories from the performers who lived through it.
In 1930s Manchuria, an encounter on a train triggers an epic crusade for a treasure map, prompting a marathon chase in hot pursuit of the loot. Do-won, "The Good", is a bounty hunter, out to track down Chang-yee, "The Bad", a charismatic hit man attempting to steal the map from a military official. However, the ruthless Tae-goo puts a hitch in both their plans when he secures the map for himself.
Most of the Earth's surface is covered by water; using the latest technology, filmmakers Jacques Perrin and Jacques Cluzaud set out to explore the underwater world. Diving deep into the waters that ultimately sustain all life on Earth, Perrin and Cluzaud capture spectacular footage of the amazing beauty and harsh reality of life beneath the waves.
The infamous, shadowy British graffiti street artist Banksy has literally left his mark on cities throughout the world. He comes in contact with Thierry Guetta, a Los Angeles-based Frenchman who videotapes various underground art escapades, and later is transformed into an art phenomenon dubbed "Mr. Brainwash." Rhys Ifans narrates an overlapping documentary where the line between what is real and what might be fake blurs, as modern art and celebrity are put under the microscope.
Using his love for comics as inspiration, teenager Dave Lizewski (Aaron Johnson) decides to reinvent himself as a superhero -- despite a complete lack of special powers. Dave dons a costume, dubs himself "Kick-Ass," and gets to work fighting crime. He joins forces with the father/daughter vigilante team of Big Daddy and Hit Girl, then befriends another fledgling crime-fighter called Red Mist (Christopher Mintz-Plasse), but a scheming mobster soon puts their alliance to the test.
Hoping to put to rest years of unease concerning a past case, retired criminal investigator Benjamín Espósito (Ricardo Darín) begins writing a novel based on the decades-old unsolved mystery of a newlywed's rape and murder. With the help of a former colleague, Judge Irene Menéndez Hastings (Soledad Villamil), Benjamín attempts to make sense of the past. The journey through his memories sets Benjamín on a thrilling emotional path that leads to a shocking realization.
Two young musicians, Negar (Negar Shaghaghi) and Ashkan (Ashkan Koshanejad), are released from prison. They immediately immerse themselves in the underground rock scene in Tehran, Iran -- "underground" because playing in public venues is outlawed. They plan to escape from their repressive country to play a concert in Europe, but first they need to find a rhythm section and some passports. They place their hope in Nader (Hamed Behdad), a savvy fixer who promises to get them to their gig.
Ray (David Roberts), a construction worker trapped in an unhappy marriage, pursues an affair with his neighbor, Carla (Claire van der Boom). Carla's husband, Greg (Anthony Hayes), is a mobster who keeps large sums of drug money in their home. With this in mind, Carla comes up with a plan: She and Ray will steal Greg's money, burn down her house, convince Greg the money was lost in the fire and then run away together. Carla's scheme, however, doesn't go off as planned.
A Mediterranean vacation reveals cracks in a couple's relationship.
In the mid-1950s, Bronx-born adolescent twin brothers George and Mike Kuchar borrowed a relative's 8mm camera and began making their own films. Initially unaware that an underground film scene existed, the tirelessly prolific brothers soon gained the attention of fellow movie-makers like Buck Henry and John Waters. This documentary portrait features interviews with the brothers and their fans, including cartoonist Bill Griffith and filmmaker Guy Maddin, as well as clips from their quirky epics.
A person grows up in a marginal family.
The evolution of First Nations people in film.
Through extensive use of archival clips, documentarian Don Hahn explores how Walt Disney Animation Studios broke out of their mid-1980s box-office slump. The film focuses on the group of young, ambitious animators and filmmakers, such as Tim Burton and "Toy Story" director John Lasseter, who struggled against outside competition and old-guard studio executives within the company to reclaim Disney's legacy as a producer of world-class animated entertainment.
Hiccup (Jay Baruchel) is a Norse teenager from the island of Berk, where fighting dragons is a way of life. His progressive views and weird sense of humor make him a misfit, despite the fact that his father (Gerard Butler) is chief of the clan. Tossed into dragon-fighting school, he endeavors to prove himself as a true Viking, but when he befriends an injured dragon he names Toothless, he has the chance to plot a new course for his people's future.
In May 2009, NASA astronauts embark on a mission to perform maintenance and repairs to the Hubble Space Telescope. As they go about their tasks, danger and beauty are never far away. The nature of space indicates that even the simplest routine can go fatally awry, while amazing photographs taken by the telescope celebrate the wonder of Earth's celestial surroundings.
Prison guard Vince Rizzo (Andy Garcia) wants to quit his job to become an actor, but he also needs to make up for lost time with Tony (Steven Strait), a long lost son who's an inmate where Vince works. When Tony is freed, Vince suggests the ex-convict move in with his wife, Joyce (Julianna Margulies), and their children. But because Vince neglects to tell his family that Tony is not just a stranger, but the son he fathered before he met Joyce, this leads to a series of comic misunderstandings.
Inspired by the life of Benito Mussolini's first wife, Ida Dalser (Giovanna Mezzogiorno), the film tells the story of tragic love amidst the tides of war. Ida, taken by the young and unemployed Benito (Filippo Timi), marries him and soon has his child. The two are separated at the outbreak of World War I, and Benito remarries. When Ida finds out, she tries to assert her place in his life, but the fascists are less than willing to tarnish the image of the man who is now a dictator.
William Goldman, Ron Shelton, Paul Schrader and a host of other screenwriters talk about their experiences in Hollywood and the film industry.
Two young children are left to fend for themselves when their mother disappears.
The youngest son (Riccardo Scamarcio) of an Italian pasta magnate plans to announce he's gay so that he won't have to take over the family business -- but his brother (Alessandro Preziosi) makes a startling announcement of his own.
In the remote Irish woods, Cellach (Brendan Gleeson) prepares a fortress for an impending attack by a Viking war party. Unbeknown to Cellach, his young nephew Brendan (Evan McGuire) -- who has no taste for battle -- works secretly as an apprentice in the scriptorium of the local monastery, learning the ancient art of calligraphy. As the Vikings approach, revered illuminator Aidan (Mick Lally) arrives at the monastery and recruits Brendan to complete a series of dangerous, magical tasks.
Marine 1st Lt. Mike Scotti keeps a video diary of his experiences during the first several months of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
A widow (Kim Hye-ja) resides with her mentally challenged son (Won Bin) in a small South Korean town, where she scrapes out a living selling medicinal herbs. Mother and son are plunged into a nightmare when the body of a murdered young girl is discovered. Circumstantial evidence indicates the son's involvement, and he becomes the prime suspect during the sloppy police investigation. Betrayed by the legal system, the mother takes the law into her own hands to clear her son's name.
Music video director Emmett Malloy shadows guitarist and singer Jack White and drummer Meg White on their 2007 Canadian tour. Alongside traditional concerts, the film shows the duo performing in unusual spaces like a Winnipeg city bus, an Ontario flour mill and a gathering of Native American tribal elders. Also included are intimate backstage moments between Jack and Meg, a formerly married couple whose time as a band was nearing its end during this tour, which proved to be their last.
The former lead singer of Tool becomes a winemaker.
This film looks at the controversy surrounding the art collection of Dr. Albert C. Barnes, a millionaire who amassed a remarkable selection of significant works during the early 20th century. Barnes sought to keep his priceless pieces together as part of his foundation even after his death, but the involvement of numerous parties led to the scattering of his collection. This documentary sheds light on how his wishes were violated by a handful of opportunistic individuals.
When filmmaker Kimberly Reed left her small Montana hometown, she was a man. Returning years later for her high school reunion, Reed is a transgendered woman. She seeks to reconnect with her estranged adopted brother, Marc McKerrow, who was permanently disabled in a car crash, and might be related to Orson Welles and Rita Hayworth. Exploring identities, rivalries and family, Reed embarks on a personal journey that begins with her hometown and leads all the way to Croatia.
This acclaimed crime drama follows Malik El Djebena (Tahar Rahim), a delinquent young Muslim man, who is struggling to get by in a French prison. When he is taken under the wing of powerful Corsican mob boss Cesar Luciani (Niels Arestrup), he begins performing regular assignments for him, proving himself invaluable to the imposing criminal. As Malik rises in the mob ranks, he gains more power, but also more enemies, a situation that eventually brings conflict with his mentor.
Drawing on decades-worth of home movies, slides and conversations, a filmmaker tells the story of her parents' marriage, including a secret that could not be revealed until her father's death.
The implausible escape of a brilliant murderess brings U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his new partner (Mark Ruffalo) to Ashecliffe Hospital, a fortress-like insane asylum located on a remote, windswept island. The woman appears to have vanished from a locked room, and there are hints of terrible deeds committed within the hospital walls. As the investigation deepens, Teddy realizes he will have to confront his own dark fears if he hopes to make it off the island alive.
When a successful ghostwriter, the Ghost (Ewan McGregor), agrees to finish the memoirs of Adam Long (Pierce Brosnan), England's former prime minister, his publisher assures him it's the chance of a lifetime. Instead, he begins to uncover evidence that suggests his late predecessor knew a dark secret about Lang and may have been murdered to prevent it from coming to light.
Rizvan Khan embarks on a journey to meet the president of the United States of America and attempts to change people's perception about his religion.
American Jewish academic Norman Finkelstein discusses foreign policy toward Israel and the Middle East.
Before enrolling in college, famed animal husbandry expert Temple Grandin (Claire Danes) visits a cattle ranch owned by her aunt Ann (Catherine O'Hara) and demonstrates a brilliance for all things mechanical. Once classes begin, the autistic Grandin rises to meet the intellectual challenges -- though the social ones are a bit more difficult. Grandin triumphs over prejudice to become an innovator in the field of animal care, and a lifelong advocate for humane slaughtering practices.
Six years after his first visit to Yorkshire, England, detective Peter Hunter (Paddy Considine) returns to look into the town's high murder rate. Though the deaths have been occurring with alarming regularity over the years, the police have done little to find the killer, who's now known as the Yorkshire Ripper. As Hunter discovers mysterious irregularities in the case, he realizes corrupt police officers (David Morrissey, Warren Clarke) are doing everything they can to stop his investigation.
A middle-aged Orthodox Jew, Aaron (Zohar Strauss), living and working in Jerusalem with his wife and children, meets a homeless 19-year-old student, Ezri (Ran Danker). Aaron offers to give Ezri work as his assistant at his family's butcher shop. The two men grow close and their attraction becomes sexual. Aaron must now confront his own sexuality, his feelings for Ezri and his obligations to his family and faith. But when the truth gets out, there are serious repercussions for his transgression.
A doctor (Claude Legault) kidnaps and tortures the man (Martin Dubreuil) who raped and murdered his young daughter.
A revenge killing has a ripple effect in a multi-ethnic neighborhood in Tel Aviv.
Robert (Jakob Cedergren) -- a timid Copenhagen city policeman -- is reassigned to protect and serve in a sleepy town in rural Denmark. But Robert struggles to maintain order in his new jurisdiction, a lawless place where the only rules are those dictated -- and enforced -- by local thug and serial wife-beater Jorgen (Kim Bodnia). As the indifferent townspeople dismiss Robert's laughable attempts at police work, he nurses a fixation with Jorgen's sexpot spouse, Ingerlise (Lene Maria Christensen).
German and Austrian mountain climbers (Benno Fürmann, Florian Lukas) scale the Eiger in 1936.
The focus of this film rests on Avery Klein-Cloud, a teenage African-American girl living in Brooklyn, N.Y., with her Caucasian Jewish lesbian mothers and two brothers who are also of other races. When Avery decides to contact her birth mother, this development triggers a major identity crisis for the college-bound teen, leading to troubling behavior that threatens her promising academic career and her relationship with her adoptive family. Can Avery reconcile her roots with her everyday life?
Two men at a remote Arctic base begin mistrusting each other after an important radio message.
Filmmakers Damani Baker and Alex Vlack compose a portrait of soul legend Bill Withers through performance footage, a journey to the musician's birthplace and interviews with friends, family and colleagues.
Mia (Katie Jarvis) is a rebellious teenager on the verge of being kicked out of school. Her hard-partying mother, Joanne (Kierston Wareing), neglects Mia's welfare in favor of her own, and her younger sister (Rebecca Griffiths) hangs out with a much older crowd. Sparks fly between Mia and Connor (Michael Fassbender), Joanne's new boyfriend, and he encourages Mia to pursue her interest in dance. As the boundaries of the relationships become blurred, Mia and Joanne compete for Connor's affection.
In 1910, famed novelist Leo Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) and his wife Sofya (Helen Mirren) vehemently disagree over the rights to Tolstoy's literary legacy. Sofya believes her husband should bequeath them to her upon his death, while Tolstoy's chief disciple, Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), has nearly convinced the writer to sign the rights over to the Russian people. To this end, Chertkov inserts a spy into Tolstoy's household, who promptly falls for one of the novelist's daughters.
The shameless and shocking origins of exploitation film.
A 13-year-old (Tatiana Maslany) gives in to sexual temptation after her mother abandons the family.
Using their social status and harsh punishments, a baron (Ulrich Tukur), a doctor (Rainer Bock) and a pastor (Burghart Klaussner) rule over a small German village. One day, the doctor falls off his horse after it trips over a wire strung between two trees. More pranks follow, seemingly without reason, all directed at the village's upper class and growing increasingly more brutal with time. There are no suspects, but a local schoolteacher (Christian Friedel) has his suspicions.
Dr. Parnassus (Christopher Plummer), the leader of a traveling show, has a dark secret. Thousands of years ago he traded the soul of his daughter, Valentina, to the devil. Now the devil has come to collect his prize. To save her, Parnassus must make a final wager: Whoever collects five souls first will win Valentina. Tony (Heath Ledger), a man saved from hanging by Parnassus' troupe, agrees to help collect them, with his eye on marrying Valentina.
When a string of brutal murders terrorizes London, it doesn't take long for legendary detective Sherlock Holmes (Robert Downey Jr.) and his crime-solving partner, Dr. Watson (Jude Law), to find the killer, Lord Blackwood (Mark Strong). A devotee of the dark arts, Blackwood has a bigger scheme in mind, and his execution plays right into his plans. The game is afoot when Blackwood seems to rise from the grave, plunging Holmes and Watson into the world of the occult and strange technologies.
Young detective Cristi (Dragos Bucur) is pursuing drug peddlers in post-Communist Romania. When he's assigned to bust a group of pot-smoking teenagers because of one boy's testimony, he believes the witness is setting up his friend Victor (Radu Costin), who would never place the blame where it belongs: on his brother. Unwilling to pursue Victor, Cristi tries to scrap the case, jeopardizing his career in the process and fueling the suspicions of his superiors.
A college professor (Richard Gere) forms a lasting bond with a dog that he finds on a train platform.
As the only legitimate heir of England's King William, teenage Victoria (Emily Blunt) gets caught up in the political machinations of her own family. Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) wants her to sign a regency order, while her Belgian uncle schemes to arrange a marriage between the future monarch and Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), the man who will become the love of her life.
On the lush alien world of Pandora live the Na'vi, beings who appear primitive but are highly evolved. Because the planet's environment is poisonous, human/Na'vi hybrids, called Avatars, must link to human minds to allow for free movement on Pandora. Jake Sully (Sam Worthington), a paralyzed former Marine, becomes mobile again through one such Avatar and falls in love with a Na'vi woman (Zoe Saldana). As a bond with her grows, he is drawn into a battle for the survival of her world.
With too many years of hazy days and boozy nights,former country-music legend Bad Blake (Jeff Bridges) is reduced to playing dives and bowling alleys. In town for his latest gig, Blake meets Jean Craddock (Maggie Gyllenhaal), a sympathetic reporter who has come to do a story on him. He unexpectedly warms to her and a romance begins, then the singer finds himself at a crossroads that may threaten his last shot at happiness.
In this animated film, Cowboy (Stéphane Aubier) and Indian (Bruce Ellison) plan to construct a barbecue pit for the birthday of their friend, Horse (Vincent Patar). The delivery of an accidental purchase of 50 million bricks rather than the intended 50 destroys their house, and attempts to rebuild are foiled when their walls are continually stolen. Determined to track down the thieves, the trio travels to the center of the earth, where they discover the culprits are a group of mad scientists.
Hardworking and ambitious, Tiana (Anika Noni Rose) dreams of one day opening the finest restaurant in New Orleans. Her dream takes a slight detour when she meets Prince Naveen (Bruno Campos), who has been turned into an amphibian by evil Dr. Facilier. Mistaking her for a princess and hoping to break the spell, Naveen plants a kiss on poor Tiana -- thereby turning her into a frog as well. The pair hop along on an adventure through the bayous to seek the help of a powerful voodoo priestess.
Following the fall of apartheid, newly elected President Nelson Mandela (Morgan Freeman) faces a South Africa that is racially and economically divided. Believing he can unite his countrymen through the universal language of sport, Mandela joins forces with Francois Pienaar (Matt Damon), captain of the rugby team, to rally South Africans behind a bid for the 1995 World Cup Championship.
George (Colin Firth) is a college professor who recently lost his lover, Jim, in a car accident. Terribly grief-stricken, George plans to commit suicide. As he goes about his daily routine and puts his affairs in order, his encounters with colleagues, students and an old friend (Julianne Moore) lead him to make a final decision as to whether life is worth living without Jim.
A man tries to break up his brother and his new girlfriend and becomes infatuated with her.
Harpreet Singh Bedi has just graduated, and his marks are a little embarrassing, but marks never stopped him from dreaming of an exciting and adventurous career, and they never will. It is the sometimes thoughtless, sometimes thoughtful story of a fresh graduate trying to find a balance between the maddening demands of the "professional" way, and the way of his heart.
Siblings Sam (Tobey Maguire) and Tommy Cahill (Jake Gyllenhaal) are as far apart as brothers can be; while Sam serves his country as a Marine, Tommy is a drifter who just got out of prison. When Sam is shot down and presumed dead in Afghanistan, Tommy vows to take care of Sam's wife, Grace (Natalie Portman), and his children. Tommy and Grace become close, and when Sam unexpectedly returns home, the consequences of their actions threaten the foundation of the entire family.
A supermarket security guard obsesses over a janitor.
Sixty years after World War II, two soldiers return to a war zone to recover stolen treasure.
An idea from a young, new co-worker (Anna Kendrick) would put an end to the constant travel of corporate downsizer Ryan Bingham (George Clooney), so he takes her on a tour to demonstrate the importance of face-to-face meetings with those they must fire. While mentoring his colleague, he arranges hookups with another frequent-flier (Vera Farmiga), and his developing feelings for the woman prompt him to see others in a new light.
In college, Farhan and Raju form a great bond with Rancho due to his positive and refreshing outlook to life. Years later, a bet gives them a chance to look for their long-lost friend whose existence seems rather elusive.
After a chance encounter, theater-loving teen Richard Samuels (Zac Efron) gets the opportunity of a lifetime when famed director Orson Welles (Christian McKay) gives him a small role in his 1937 production of "Julius Caesar." Unexpectedly thrust into the heady world of the stage, Richard finds himself surrounded by ambition, clashing egos and sheer brilliance.
America is a grim, gray shadow of itself after a catastrophe. A man (Viggo Mortensen) and his young son (Kodi Smit-McPhee) wander through this post-apocalyptic world, trying to keep the dream of civilization alive. They journey toward the sea, surviving as best they can on what they can scavenge, and try to avoid roving gangs of savage humans who will turn them into slaves, or worse.
After 12 years of bucolic bliss, Mr. Fox (George Clooney) breaks a promise to his wife (Meryl Streep) and raids the farms of their human neighbors, Boggis, Bunce and Bean. Giving in to his animal instincts endangers not only his marriage but also the lives of his family and their animal friends. When the farmers force Mr. Fox and company deep underground, he has to resort to his natural craftiness to rise above the opposition.
Michael Oher (Quinton Aaron), a homeless black teen, has drifted in and out of the school system for years. Then Leigh Anne Tuohy (Sandra Bullock) and her husband, Sean (Tim McGraw), take him in. The Tuohys eventually become Michael's legal guardians, transforming both his life and theirs. Michael's tremendous size and protective instincts make him a formidable force on the gridiron, and with help from his new family and devoted tutor, he realizes his potential as a student and football player.
Israeli director Yoav Shamir travels the world asking what constitutes anti-Semitism in modern times.
The death of Ernesto Martel (José Luis Gómez) sets off a chain of events that forces one man to come to terms with his past. Before he went blind, Harry Caine was Mateo Blanco (Lluís Homar), a film director who often worked with Ernesto. Ten years ago, Ernesto and Mateo's friendship became a battle for Lena (Penélope Cruz), Ernesto's mistress and Mateo's secret object of affection. When the former recruits his son (Rubén Ochandiano) to spy on the latter, things quickly spiral out of control.
After being injured in Iraq, soldier Will Montgomery (Ben Foster) returns home to finish the rest of his tour of duty in the Army's Casualty Notification service. Teamed with veteran officer Tony Stone (Woody Harrelson), Will tries to come to terms with his own pain while dealing with the cold realities of his new mission. Will finds himself in the grip of an ethical problem when he becomes involved with Olivia (Samantha Morton), the widow of a fallen soldier.
The daughters of the late civil-rights lawyer and activist recall his controversial career.
In 1966, BBC radio broadcasts less than an hour of pop music a day, forcing pirate DJs to take up the slack from boats anchored outside British waters. Quentin (Bill Nighy) is the commander of such a pirate station, overseeing a host of seedy, lusty and dope-smoking DJs, including the Count (Philip Seymour Hoffman) and Dave (Nick Frost), who makes it his personal mission to see to it that Quentin's newly arrived godson (Tom Sturridge) loses his virginity.
Long-simmering anger comes bubbling to the surface once again when a man (Ben Mendelsohn) returns home to visit his dying father (Bryan Brown).
Independent American reporter Michael Ruppert is the subject of this documentary, which looks at how the ex-police officer managed to predict the massive Wall Street crash of 2008 years before it happened. The film delves into what led Ruppert to foresee the financial crisis, as well as his grim worldview, which envisions more economic disasters. The production also sheds light on Ruppert's own personal woes, which appear to be closely linked to his status as the bearer of bad news.
Pregnant by her own father for the second time, 16-year-old Claireece "Precious" Jones (Gabourey Sidibe) can neither read nor write and suffers constant abuse at the hands of her vicious mother (Mo'Nique). Precious instinctively sees a chance to turn her life around when she is offered the opportunity to transfer to an alternative school. Under the patient, firm guidance of her new teacher, Ms. Rain (Paula Patton), Precious begins the journey from oppression to self-determination.
Vowing not to die in a nursing home, Abner Meecham (Hal Holbrook) leaves the facility and returns to his Tennessee farm. There, an unpleasant surprise awaits him: Abner's son has leased the property to ne'er-do-well Lonzo Choat (Ray McKinnon) and his boorish family. Abner suspects that the Choats will not be able to afford the farm, and he moves into a shack to await their departure. Tensions escalate between Abner and Lonzo, each determined not to yield.
Desperate to make some money so she can move into a new apartment, college student Samantha Hughes (Jocelin Donahue) takes a mysterious babysitting job. When she arrives at the house, Mr. Ulman (Tom Noonan) mentions a full lunar eclipse and explains there is no child, but that Samantha will be watching his mother instead. After exploring the sinister-seeming house, Samantha soon comes to realize that her employers are hiding a horrifying secret and have plans to use her, dead or alive.
Hannah and Mira risk life and limb to testify at trial.
Sandra Laing (Sophie Okonedo) is markedly different from her parents. Born in 1950s South Africa during the height of apartheid, Sandra, who looks like a light-skinned black girl, has been confirmed as the biological daughter of her mother (Alice Krige) and father (Sam Neill) -- who are both white. But in her racially divided homeland, where the government does not know how to identify her, she faces racism at school and struggles to be accepted and understood by her own family.
Prior to his untimely death, Jackson was in the midst of preparing for a series of sold-out concerts that were scheduled to take place in London during the summer of 2009. Behind-the-scenes footage, filmed between March and June of 2009, captures the pop superstar in intimate detail as he developed and rehearsed for the "This Is It" tour.
Yacht passengers encounter mysterious weather conditions that force them to jump onto another ship, only to have the odd havoc increase.
In this bold documentary, director Michael Palmieri spends one year with the Moshers, a poverty-stricken New York City family living with an array of emotional problems, including teen pregnancy, spousal abuse, child abuse and the horrible memories of war. Palmieri weaves together these strange, heartbreaking stories with a haunting visual focus that gives each tale equal weight. In spite of their issues, the Moshers strive to escape their haunted pasts and move forward together.
A documentary by director Julien Nitzberg, this film focuses on the renowned West Virginia outlaw Jesco White and his eccentric backwoods family. In addition to getting in trouble with the law, the Whites, who live deep within Appalachia, uphold a time-honored dancing style, even as they contend with poverty, drugs and other issues. Alternately humorous and sad, the movie is an unflinching look at life on the criminal margins of rural mountain culture.
After "The Man" kills his brother and poisons the neighborhood with tainted liquor, a kung fu fighter (Michael Jai White) wages a war that takes him all the way to Nixon's White House.
In a documentary exploring the life and career of Julius Shulman -- widely regarded by experts as the greatest architectural photographer -- director Eric Bricker reveals the man who was influential in bringing to light the architectural modernist movement. Shulman's work plays a significant role in promoting the careers of legendary architects such as Frank Lloyd Wright and Frank Gehry. Narrated by Dustin Hoffman, the film also includes interviews from various architects and Shulman himself.
Friendly fairy Tinker Bell (Mae Whitman) means well but often gets into trouble. All the same, Pixie Hollow has entrusted her with making sure their magical moonstone keeps their pixie dust in plentiful supply. But tragedy strikes when Tinker Bell fumbles this important task -- accidentally breaking the moonstone. In order to get it back into one piece, Tinker Bell will have to find an enchanted mirror and accept a little assistance from pestering pixie Terence (Jesse McCartney).
The story of Brian Clough's 44 day stint as manager of Leeds United Football Club takes place in 1974 England. When Don Revie quits Leeds to become the England boss, the outspoken Brian Clough takes charge. Determined to impose his own style upon Revie's tough tackling team, Clough soon alienates his players and the board. Based on the book by David Pearce.
Prompted by a question from his young daughter, comic Chris Rock sets out to explore the importance of hair in black culture. Rock interviews celebrities such as Ice-T and Raven Symone, and visits hair salons, stylist competitions and even an Indian temple to learn about hair culture.
In this drama based on a true story, there's no one tougher or more brutal in the English penal system than prisoner Michael Peterson, aka Charles Bronson (Tom Hardy). First incarcerated after robbing a jewelry store, the married Bronson is sentenced to seven years. But his incorrigible, savage behavior quickly gets him in trouble with guards, fellow inmates and even a dog. The only place where Bronson can't do any harm is in solitary confinement, where he spends most of his time.
Despite her sheltered upbringing, Jenny (Carey Mulligan) is a teen with a bright future; she's smart, pretty, and has aspirations of attending Oxford University. When David (Peter Sarsgaard), a charming but much older suitor, motors into her life in a shiny automobile, Jenny gets a taste of adult life that she won't soon forget.
Five combat veterans discuss conflicting feelings over what they did in the name of duty.
Larry Gopnik (Michael Stuhlbarg) is a physics professor at a 1960s university, but his life is coming apart at the seams. His wife (Sari Lennick) is leaving him, his jobless brother (Richard Kind) has moved in, and someone is trying to sabotage his chances for tenure. Larry seeks advice from three different rabbis, but whether anyone can help him overcome his many afflictions remains to be seen.
Bliss Cavendar (Ellen Page) lives in small-town Texas and yearns to break free of her mother's (Marcia Gay Harden) world of beauty pageants and conformity. She sees her chance when she meets the Hurl Scouts, a roller-derby team; she tries out for the team and wins a slot, lying to her parents about her new hobby. Bliss finds friendship and freedom with her teammates, but a conflict between a championship game and the Bluebonnet beauty pageant threatens to spill her secret.
Filmmaker Kristopher Belman chronicles the early career of basketball superstar LeBron James. James and four other talented teammates were a powerhouse combination at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Ohio. The five star athletes burned up the courts throughout Ohio, but James' ever-increasing celebrity threatened to tear apart all the five had worked so hard to achieve.
After a virus turns most people into zombies, the world's surviving humans remain locked in an ongoing battle against the hungry undead. Four survivors -- Tallahassee (Woody Harrelson) and his cohorts Columbus (Jesse Eisenberg), Wichita (Emma Stone) and Little Rock (Abigail Breslin) -- abide by a list of survival rules and zombie-killing strategies as they make their way toward a rumored safe haven in Los Angeles.
An autistic pre-adolescent prone to tearful outbursts, Rowan Isaacson rarely talks to family members, but he seems to have a special bond with horses. Frustrated that Rowan isn't responding to traditional treatment methods, his parents take him on a journey from their home in Texas to a shaman's hillside abode in Mongolia. This documentary depicts how Rowan responds to the shaman's unusual combination of healing ceremonies and horseback riding.
After the untimely passing of his second wife, Joe (Clive Owen) must deal with his grief as he strives to find a way to raise his sons alone. The boys, Artie and Harry, are trying to cope with their own emotional baggage, so the three decide to throw convention to the wind and live by the words "just say yes." When things go wrong, Joe must find a way to behave more like a parent while maintaining the joys of a more-carefree life.
Filmmaker Michael Moore explores corporate greed, the global economic meltdown, and their disastrous effect on American lives. As he travels from the Heartland to the financial epicenter of New York and the halls of government in Washington, Moore delves into the price the country pays for its love of capitalism.
When hard times hit Swallow Falls, its townspeople can only afford to eat sardines. Flint Lockwood, a failed inventor, thinks he has the answer to the town's crisis. He builds a machine that converts water into food, and becomes a local hero when tasty treats fall from the sky like rain. But when the machine spins out of control and threatens to bury the whole world under giant mounds of food, Flint finds he may have bitten off more than he can chew.
When Madea (Tyler Perry) catches three young siblings raiding her home, she takes matters into her own hands and delivers the children to their only relative: Aunt April (Taraji P. Henson). At first, April, a boozy nightclub singer who leeches off her married boyfriend, wants nothing to do with them, but when a Mexican immigrant named Sandino (Adam Rodriguez) rents a room in her basement, April begins to realize that life may hold more possibilities.
Each August, fashion mavens look forward to getting their hands on a copy of Vogue magazine's autumn issue. Filmmaker R.J. Cutler gains unprecedented access to the inner workings of this fashion bible, as legendary Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour and her staff carry out the massive preparations necessary to produce the issue.
Two gay men in an Off-Broadway musical realize life is easier once you accept who you are.
In this documentary, director Joe Berlinger looks into a major environmental disaster in the Amazon, which involves the oil industry in Ecuador. While the film explores the human toll of the corporate presence in the heart of the jungle, it also presents the circumstances involved in the massive legal case associated with the complicated situation. Investigating the issue from a variety of perspectives, the movie shows how big business can drastically affect the world.
Fluke Starbucker learns to master the power of the Farce.
A vivacious Palestinian woman (Nisreen Faour) and her teenage son (Melkar Muallem) cope with culture clash and more as they try to build a new life in rural Illinois.
This documentary tells the story of author Colin Beavan, who went completely "green," giving up virtually all of the comforts of modern living -- electricity, gas-powered transportation, shipped food and public waste disposal -- in a drastic effort to curb his environmental impact. The cameras capture the toll this well-intentioned, year-long project takes on Beavan's wife and baby daughter, as well as the ways it brings this family closer together.
Paul Aufiero (Patton Oswalt), a parking-garage employee, is a huge fan of the New York Giants. He lives at home with his mother (Marcia Jean Kurtz) and spends much of his free time extolling the virtues of his favorite football team on sports radio. One night, Paul and his best friend, Sal (Kevin Corrigan), spy Giants linebacker Quantrell Bishop in their neighborhood and follow him to a strip club. Paul decides to approach his idol, but the encounter goes very badly.
In 1999, Internet entrepreneur Josh Harris recruits dozens of young men and women who agree to live in underground apartments for weeks at a time while their every movement is broadcast online. Soon, Harris and his girlfriend embark on their own subterranean adventure, with cameras streaming live footage of their meals, arguments, bedroom activities and bathroom habits. This documentary explores the role of technology in our lives, as it charts the fragile nature of dot-com economy.
Six American mothers who have lost children travel to South Africa to help impoverished children and each experiences hope and healing as a result of their work.
When the son of high school English teacher Lance Clayton (Robin Williams) accidentally kills himself, Clayton writes a fake suicide note to evade scandal. At first uninterested in the death, the school is taken by the letter after it is published in the school paper. Hoping to claim the literary renown he has always wanted, Lance writes a diary, too. Fame and intrigue follow and Lance receives the attention he always wished for, but finds keeping his cool might be easier written than done.
It is the first year of Germany's occupation of France. Allied officer Lt. Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt) assembles a team of Jewish soldiers to commit violent acts of retribution against the Nazis, including the taking of their scalps. He and his men join forces with Bridget von Hammersmark, a German actress and undercover agent, to bring down the leaders of the Third Reich. Their fates converge with theater owner Shosanna Dreyfus, who seeks to avenge the Nazis' execution of her family.
Rock icons -- Jimmy Page, the Edge and Jack White -- from three different generations come together to discuss the electric guitar and their musical influences. The men swap stories and crank up their instruments on an empty soundstage for a jam session. Along the way, they visit the majestic hall where "Stairway to Heaven" was composed, Jack White composes a song on-camera at a Tennessee farmhouse, and the Edge lays down tracks for a U2 single.
A gifted singer/songwriter, Charlotte (Aly Michalka) hires Will Burton (Gaelan Connell), a new guy in town, to manage her fledgling rock band. She wants one thing from him: to help her win a contest against her ex-boyfriend in an upcoming battle of the bands. Charlotte's band comes together and seems to have a real shot at victory, while Will and dynamic guitarist Sa5m (Vanessa Hudgens) begin to make some beautiful music of their own.
Thirty years ago, aliens arrive on Earth -- not to conquer or give aid, but -- to find refuge from their dying planet. Separated from humans in a South African area called District 9, the aliens are managed by Multi-National United, which is unconcerned with the aliens' welfare but will do anything to master their advanced technology. When a company field agent (Sharlto Copley) contracts a mysterious virus that begins to alter his DNA, there is only one place he can hide: District 9.
During a forbidden excursion to see the surface world, a goldfish princess encounters a human boy named Sosuke, who gives her the name Ponyo. Ponyo longs to become human, and as her friendship with Sosuke grows, she becomes more humanlike. Ponyo's father brings her back to their ocean kingdom, but so strong is Ponyo's wish to live on the surface that she breaks free, and in the process, spills a collection of magical elixirs that endanger Sosuke's village.
Bill Guttentag's documentary examines the importance of music during the U.S. civil rights movement that took place during the 1950s and '60s. The various sit-ins and public demonstrations of the era incorporated protest songs, folk tunes and spirituals, music that was a crucial part of the movement. Guttentag uses archival footage and interviews to connect specific songs (covered by artists including the Roots and John Legend) to specific events, such as the Montgomery bus boycott.
Frustrated with a soul-killing job, New Yorker Julie Powell (Amy Adams) embarks on a daring project: she vows to prepare all 524 recipes in Julia Childs' landmark cookbook, "Mastering the Art of French Cooking." Intertwined with Julie's story is the true tale of how Julia Child (Meryl Streep) herself conquered French cuisine with passion, fearlessness, and plenty of butter.
Film clips and interviews with John Carpenter, Roger Corman, George A. Romero and others illustrate a history of the horror genre.
A brain surgeon embarks on an errand of mercy in the Ukraine.
Adam Raki (Hugh Dancy), an electronics engineer, has an autism disorder called Asperger syndrome. When a young woman named Beth (Rose Byrne) moves into his apartment building, he is quite taken with her. She does not quite know how to react to Adam's unconventional overtures but decides to give him a chance nonetheless. But Beth's parents are apprehensive about her new romance, which could end the young lovers' relationship before it has a chance.
During an interview, British Cabinet Minister Simon Foster (Tom Hollander) delivers an off-the-cuff remark that war in the Middle East is "unforeseeable." Profane political spin doctor Malcolm Tucker (Peter Capaldi) tries to cover up Foster's faux pas, but the ill-conceived comment is picked up by a warmongering American official. Foster is invited to Washington, D.C., where a war of words brews as politicians maneuver, manipulate and deceive each other before a U.N. vote on military action.
In 2015 an archivist looks back on climate change.
Tom (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), greeting-card writer and hopeless romantic, is caught completely off-guard when his girlfriend, Summer (Zooey Deschanel), suddenly dumps him. He reflects on their 500 days together to try to figure out where their love affair went sour, and in doing so, Tom rediscovers his true passions in life.
This documentary chronicles a group of tireless senior citizens who devote their time to comforting U.S. troops returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. At an airport in Bangor, Maine, the retirees turn out every time an airplane carrying an American soldier arrives, providing the young men and women with meals, cell phones to call home and rounds of applause. The film also explores the home lives of the seniors, who are confronted with familial and health-related concerns of their own.
As Death Eaters wreak havoc in both Muggle and Wizard worlds, Hogwarts is no longer a safe haven for students. Though Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) suspects there are new dangers lurking within the castle walls, Dumbledore is more intent than ever on preparing the young wizard for the final battle with Voldemort. Meanwhile, teenage hormones run rampant through Hogwarts, presenting a different sort of danger. Love may be in the air, but tragedy looms, and Hogwarts may never be the same again.
Tomo (Thomas Turgoose) has left his depressed English town and his deadbeat dad to try and make it in London. There he befriends Marek (Piotr Jagiello), a budding young photographer who lives with his alcoholic father. Since Marek's dad notices little of what is going on around him, Tomo quietly moves in, and the boys deepen their bond. But when they both fall for the same girl, a local barmaid named Maria (Elisa Lasowski), and Marek's dad gets wise to his new tenant, the friendship is tested.
In Zaire, James Brown, B.B. King, Miriam Makeba, the Spinners and others perform in a three-day concert preceding 1974's "Rumble in the Jungle" boxing match between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman. Among the songs performed are "Soul Power," "One of a Kind (Love Affair)," "The Click Song" and "Payback."
Staff Sgt. William James (Jeremy Renner), Sgt. J.T. Sanborn (Anthony Mackie) and Specialist Owen Eldridge (Brian Geraghty) are members of a bomb-disposal unit in Baghdad. As their tour of duty enters its final weeks, the men face a set of increasingly hazardous situations, any of which could end their lives in an explosive instant.
After a military takeover, a princess (Demi Lovato) assumes a new identity and stays with a covert agent and his daughter (Selena Gomez).
Director Havana Marking dives into the booming, but still young and growing, world of pop culture in Afghanistan. Newly liberated after more than 30 years of stifling Taliban rule, the country is taken with a fervor for expression. This documentary follows four contestants, including two women, as they audition, sing and compete in a countrywide "American Idol"-type competition called "Pop Idol." Marking uncovers a wonderfully vibrant community, which is also surprisingly accepting.
On their 50th wedding anniversary, neuroscientist Eric Kandel and his wife revisit places tied to their experiences during the Holocaust.
Rupert Murray's acclaimed film looking at the consequences of unchecked, unregulated sea fishing across the globe. It is not a film about what might happen, it is a film about what has happened. The collapse of the cod population saw the end of 40,000 jobs, the bluefin tuna is being hunted to extinction, and it takes five kilos of anchovies to produce one fish farmed salmon.
A profile reveals Dick Rogers' quest to leave a legacy.
Astronaut Sam Bell's (Sam Rockwell) three-year shift at a lunar mine is finally coming to an end, and he's looking forward to his reunion with his wife (Dominique McElligott) and young daughter. Suddenly, Sam's health takes a drastic turn for the worse. He suffers painful headaches and hallucinations, and almost has a fatal accident. He meets what appears to be a younger version of himself, possibly a clone. With time running out, Sam must solve the mystery before the company crew arrives.
Documentary filmmaker Robert Kenner examines how mammoth corporations have taken over all aspects of the food chain in the United States, from the farms where our food is grown to the chain restaurants and supermarkets where it's sold. Narrated by author and activist Eric Schlosser, the film features interviews with average Americans about their dietary habits, commentary from food experts like Michael Pollan and unsettling footage shot inside large-scale animal processing plants.
African singer Youssou N'Dour ignites controversy in his native Senegal and other Muslim countries by recording and releasing an album about Islam.
An aspiring writer (Brian Geraghty) becomes increasingly obsessed with a phone-sex lover whom he's never actually met in person.
In the early 1980s, as the shadow of an epidemic is upon the gay community, Richard Berkowitz, a gay, HIV-positive hustler, has a revelation. AIDS, he realizes, is not just a disease randomly affecting gay men, but rather one that is sexually transmitted -- which means that the practice of safe sex might help prevent it. Berkowitz's idea, however, is greeted in the gay community with considerable hostility. Undaunted, he risks everything to get the word out.
When teenage Bennie (Alden Ehrenreich) arrives in Argentina to look for his long-estranged brother, Tetro (Vincent Gallo), he finds not the idolized sibling from his youth, but a tormented and self-destructive soul who has abandoned his brilliant career as a writer. After Tetro rejects him, Bennie risks his brother's wrath by secretly completing one of his plays and submitting it for consideration for a prestigious literary prize.
Two days before his wedding, Doug (Justin Bartha) and three friends (Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis) drive to Las Vegas for a wild and memorable stag party. In fact, when the three groomsmen wake up the next morning, they can't remember a thing; nor can they find Doug. With little time to spare, the three hazy pals try to re-trace their steps and find Doug so they can get him back to Los Angeles in time to walk down the aisle.
Soon-to-be-legendary primitivist painter and outsider artist Séraphine "de Senlis" Louis (Yolande Moreau) toils as a maidservant in the homes of the bourgeoisie in Senlis, France. For decades, Louis harbors a secret passion for painting in the evenings after work -- one that is discovered serendipitously by renowned German art collector Wilhelm Uhde (Ulrich Tukur). Taken by the woman's enormous talent, Uhde becomes determined to bring Louis' art to the world -- and to change her life.
As they await the birth of their baby, a couple (John Krasinski, Maya Rudolph) travel across America in search of the perfect place to raise their family. During their journey, they share assorted misadventures and reconnect with old friends and relatives. The experiences and people they encounter help them define the word home on their own terms, possibly for the first time in their lives.
Young monk Tenzin Zopa has spent most of his life studying at the feet of the esteemed Geshe Lama Konchog. When the older man dies after a long, influential life, Tenzin is assigned to find his teacher's reincarnated soul. Tenzin journeys throughout Nepal, from one small village to another, in search of the child in whom Konchog's spirit has come to reside. This documentary charts Tenzin's arduous, emotional quest, a task that will be judged a success or failure by the Dalai Lama himself.
The life and work of flamboyantly gay songwriter Joe Meek.
Soon after buying an expensive cello, Daigo Kobayashi (Masahiro Motoki) learns that his orchestra is disbanding. Daigo and his wife move back to his hometown in northern Japan, where he answers an ad for what he thinks is a travel agency but is, in actuality, a mortuary. As he learns and carries out the rituals used in preparing the dead for their final rest, Daigo finds his true calling in life.
Christine Brown (Alison Lohman) has a loving boyfriend (Justin Long) and a great job at a Los Angeles bank. But her heavenly life becomes hellish when, in an effort to impress her boss, she denies an old woman's request for an extension on her home loan. In retaliation, the crone places a curse on Christine, threatening her soul with eternal damnation. Christine seeks a psychic's help to break the curse, but the price to save her soul may be more than she can pay.
Carl Fredricksen (Ed Asner), a 78-year-old balloon salesman, is about to fulfill a lifelong dream. Tying thousands of balloons to his house, he flies away to the South American wilderness. But curmudgeonly Carl's worst nightmare comes true when he discovers a little boy named Russell is a stowaway aboard the balloon-powered house.
When disc jockey Grant Mazzy (Stephen McHattie) reports to his basement radio station in the Canadian town of Pontypool, he thinks it's just another day at work. But when he hears reports of a virus that turns people into zombies, Mazzy barricades himself in the radio booth and tries to figure out a way to warn his listeners about the virus and its unlikely mode of transmission: the English language.
An orphan of the Rwandan genocide seeks justice.
High school culinary arts students work all year to master their teacher's lessons, and compete in a cooking competition at the end of the year to earn a scholarship.
New ways to think about how and what people eat.
Filmmaker Wendy Keys examines the life and work of graphic designer Milton Glaser.
As contract songwriters for Disney, Richard M. and Robert B. Sherman compose many of the studio's best-loved hits, including "It's a Small World (After All)" and songs from "Mary Poppins," "The Jungle Book" and many more. Their prolific professional collaborations result in many awards, including two Oscars. However, a deep, longstanding rift strikes a sour note in the brothers' personal relationship.
A 14-year-old girl experiences sexual awakening and family discord during a vacation at her parents' (Vincent Cassel, Débora Bloch) summer beach house.
In 1818, high-spirited young Fanny Brawne (Abbie Cornish) finds herself increasingly intrigued by the handsome but aloof poet John Keats (Ben Whishaw), who lives next door to her family friends the Dilkes. After reading a book of his poetry, she finds herself even more drawn to the taciturn Keats. Although he agrees to teach her about poetry, Keats cannot act on his reciprocated feelings for Fanny, since as a struggling poet he has no money to support a wife.
Twenty-five years of swindling people are too much for Bloom (Adrien Brody) and he wants out of the business. His brother, Stephen (Mark Ruffalo), convinces him to work on one final hustle, targeting an eccentric East Coast heiress named Penelope (Rachel Weisz). The con game fails to play out as planned when Bloom falls in love with the irresistible woman.
When elderly matriarch Hélène Berthier (Édith Scob) discovers that her health is declining, she contacts her three adult children about contending with her valuable art collection after her passing. As the family gathers, local son Frédéric (Charles Berling) is on hand, while his jet-setting siblings, Adrienne (Juliette Binoche) and Jérémie (Jérémie Renier), fly in from abroad. Together, they try to agree on what to do with their mother's collection, as they also grapple with her mortality.
Oscar-nominated documentarian Kirby Dick directs this shocking and passionate indictment of the clandestine hypocrisy of many closeted homosexuals in Washington, D.C. The individuals under scrutiny here are policymakers who have widely disparaged and worked to bring down the LGBT population, while hiding their own sexual identities. Shedding light on these realities, Dick also goes on to discuss the media's role in encouraging a neutral and at times closeted sexual orientation from politicians.
An alcoholic (Tilda Swinton) becomes involved in a fellow A.A. member's plan to kidnap her young son from the boy's wealthy grandfather.
Tato (Gael García Bernal) and Beto (Diego Luna) are poor stepbrothers living on a banana plantation in Mexico. Both are talented soccer players, but their dreams lay elsewhere: tone-deaf Tato wants to be a singer, while Beto is content to remain on the plantation. One day, a sports agent sees the two young men playing soccer and offers to take one of them to Mexico City for a chance at sports stardom.
Aboard the USS Enterprise, the most-sophisticated starship ever built, a novice crew embarks on its maiden voyage. Their path takes them on a collision course with Nero (Eric Bana), a Romulan commander whose mission of vengeance threatens all mankind. If humanity would survive, a rebellious young officer named James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) and a coolly logical Vulcan named Spock (Zachary Quinto) must move beyond their rivalry and find a way to defeat Nero before it is too late.
Birders search for the elusive ivory-billed woodpecker.
Lucy is 11-years-old and lives with her father. One day, not for the first time, he beats her. The next time she returns to school, Lucy asks to see her social worker Jackie. Lucy is known to social services and has been in foster care before, but none of her foster parents have any placements available. Jackie takes her to a children's home, Crop Row, where she is left with nothing except the school uniform she is wearing.
After undergoing intense cancer treatments, pensive poet Inga (Marcia Gay Harden) finds comfort in her wide-eyed daughter, Indigo (Eulala Scheel), and in murky recollections of her own charmed upbringing. After Inga discovers a property in rural Pennsylvania that's very much like the home she knew as a child, she becomes determined to buy it. And, when her emotionally distant husband, Hermann (Michael Gaston), refuses to move, it throws their strained marriage even further into turmoil.
Sang-hyun (Song Kang-ho), a respected priest, volunteers for an experimental procedure that may lead to a cure for a deadly virus. He gets infected and dies, but a blood transfusion of unknown origin brings him back to life as a vampire. Now, Sang-hyun is torn between faith and bloodlust, and has a newfound desire for Tae-ju (Kim Ok-vin), the wife of his childhood friend.
Following the success of a movie based on his memoir, openly gay Quentin Crisp (John Hurt) leaves England for New York, stars in a one-man show and lands a gig as film critic for the Village Voice.
In Taiji, Japan, local fishermen hide a gruesome secret: the capture and slaughter of dolphins. Activist Ric O'Barry, who trained dolphins for the "Flipper" TV series, joins forces with filmmaker Louis Psihoyos and the Ocean Preservation Society to expose the brutal practice, risking life and limb in the process.
The adults throw more tantrums than the toddlers in this documentary about a recent phenomenon: wealthy families battling to get their children into expensive, elite preschools. A recent baby boom in New York City has led to fewer available slots and more desperation than ever before, and ruthless parents consent to pay a fortune in tuition. The film follows five different families as they struggle through this competitive process and receive a rigorous education of their own.
Former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson reflects on his tumultuous life both in and out of the ring. Filmmaker James Toback offers up a complex portrait of the man, as the two discuss Tyson's time in juvenile detention, his relationship with mentor Cus D'Amato, his boxing career, and the rape charge that landed him in prison.
Writer-director Paolo Sorrentino received the Cannes Jury Prize for his biopic of the fabled Italian politician Giulio Andreotti (Toni Servillo). The film covers a large portion of Andreotti's seven terms as prime minister of Italy, and concerns itself with the inner machinations of the man known as "Beelzebub," the intrigue surrounding the disappearance of his political enemies (including two-time prime minister Aldo Moro), and the role of the Mafia in postwar Italy.
A global journey reveals how animal mothers struggle to raise their young in an increasingly dangerous environment. In the Arctic, a polar bear and her two newborn cubs must find food across the quickly melting ice. In Africa, an elephant and her calf begin an arduous journey in search of water, but a pride of lions guards the pool. A humpback whale must keep her calf safe over thousands of miles as they migrate from the equator to Antarctica.
Jin (Hee Yeon Kim) and her younger sister, Bin (Song Hee Kim), are left by their mother (Soo Ah Lee) with Big Aunt (Mi Hyang Kim). The girls' mother is trying to hunt down their father. She gives them a piggy bank, telling her daughters that when it is full of coins she will return. Big Aunt is an alcoholic who neglects to look after the children. By selling roasted grasshoppers, the two girls manage to take care of themselves over the summer, waiting all the while for their mother's return.
The lives of Edith Bouvier Beale (Jessica Lange) and her daughter Edie (Drew Barrymore), aunt and cousin of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
Set in the West Bank, where Palestinian widow Salma Zidane tends her lemon grove. However, when Israeli Defense Minister Navon moves in across the way, his security guards demand she removes the trees, which could shelter terrorists. Refusing to bow down, she engages lawyer Ziad Daud to take her case to the Supreme Court, which brings international attention.
Congressman Stephen Collins (Ben Affleck) is a rising star in Washington; handsome, unflappable and seemingly honorable, he's seen as his party's next presidential nominee. Until, however, his research assistant/mistress is found murdered and damaging secrets come pouring out. Journalist Cal McAffrey (Russell Crowe), Collins' old friend, must investigate the murder, and walks headlong into a massive cover-up involving some of the nation's most promising political and corporate figures.
Filmmakers James D. Stern and Adam Del Deo explore the genesis and legacy of the Broadway musical "A Chorus Line." Dancers struggle through auditions for a revival of the show, as Stern and Del Deo present interviews past and present with cast and crew, comparing the original production with the show's original incarnation.
The life story of Beethoven with live musical performances.
After an overzealous district attorney's drug bust lands her in jail, single mother Dee Roberts (Nicole Beharie) must face an agonizing choice: Plead guilty and go home a convicted felon, or fight the charges and risk a lengthy prison sentence. Despite her mother's (Alfre Woodard) advice and risking everything, innocent Dee chooses to fight the Texas criminal justice system, joined by an ACLU attorney (Tim Blake Nelson) and a former narcotics cop (Will Patton).
Independent brewers challenge corporate behemoths in the U.S. beer industry.
Canadian heavy-metal band Anvil delivered a highly influential 1982 album that would inspire the likes of Anthrax and Metallica, and then dropped off the map to begin what would become decades of toiling in obscurity. Director and former roadie Sacha Gervasi follows guitarist Steve "Lips" Kudlow and drummer Robb Reiner as they stumble through a harrowing European tour and reflect on failure, friendship, resilience and the will to follow even the most impossible of dreams.
After losing a valuable ostrich, Karim (Reza Naji) is fired from his job tending fowl on a small farm. Desperate to repair his daughter's broken hearing aid, Karim sets out on his motorcycle to find work in the bustling city of Tehran, Iran. Karim accidentally falls into a lucrative new line of work when a distracted businessman mistakes him for a taxi and jumps on the back of his motorcycle. But as the allure of the city takes its hold on Karim, he begins to lose sight of what matters most.
It's the summer of 1987, and recent college grad James Brennan (Jesse Eisenberg) can't wait to begin his long-anticipated dream trip to Europe. Unfortunately, James' plans come to a screeching halt when his parents announce that they are unable to subsidize his trip. Forced to take a job at the local amusement park, James prepares for the worst summer ever, until he finds love with a captivating co-worker named Em (Kristen Stewart).
An affable bachelor, Gianni (Gianni Di Gregorio), who still lives with his elderly mother (Valeria De Franciscis), has coasted through life and has no complaints about that. But coasting also means not paying the bills for his condo, and the landlord, Alfonso (Alfonso Santagata), has had enough. He makes Gianni an offer -- Alfonso wants to go on holiday, and will forget about the bills if Gianni takes care of his mother. Soon, Gianni is taking care of several mothers and trying to stay afloat.
Solo (Souléymane Sy Savané) is a Senegalese cab driver in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, working hard to provide for his wife and child. When he picks up William (Red West), an old man with seemingly nothing left to live for, Solo makes it his personal mission to convince William that life is worth living, despite William's insistence that he just wants to be left alone. As they reveal more of their lives, both men realize they need each other more than either is willing to admit.
Emilie (Julie Gayet) meets Gabriel (Michaël Cohen) while traveling out of town, and the two of them hit it off. They spend the evening happily enjoying each others' company, until Gabriel asks her for a kiss. Emilie refuses, and then explains why. She tells an anecdote about her friend Judith (Virginie Ledoyen), a married woman who once said yes to a kiss in similar circumstances and unleashed a whole series of uncontrollable events, which Emilie relates through flashbacks.
Sayra (Paulina Gaitán), a Honduran teen, hungers for a better life. Her chance for one comes when she is reunited with her long-estranged father, who intends to emigrate to Mexico and then enter the United States. Sayra's life collides with a pair of Mexican gangmembers (Edgar Flores, Kristyan Ferrer) who have boarded the same American-bound train.
As his wedding day approaches, Peter Klaven (Paul Rudd) realizes he has no one to act as his best man. Through a series of "man-dates," he finds Sydney Fife (Jason Segel), and the pair become instant friends. But as Peter's "bro-mance" with Sydney grows stronger, it threatens his relationship with his fiancee (Rashida Jones), forcing Peter to make a choice.
Famed Italian fashion designer Valentino Garavani opened his first fashion house in 1959. In 2007, Valentino announced his retirement plans and began preparing for his final show. This documentary follows Valentino during the last two years of his time as a designer, accompanied by Giancarlo Giammetti, his patient partner in both business and life. As Valentino gets ready to conclude his fashion career, he worries about the the intentions of the corporation buying his clothing line.
Corporations make money when consumers make poor financial decisions.
An in depth look at how industrial art impacts our lives.
Filmmaker Jake Rademacher embeds himself with four combat units, as he documents his brothers' experiences as soldiers in Iraq. Rademacher witnesses secret reconnaissance missions on the Syrian border, sniper "hide sites" in the Sunni Triangle and fierce gun battles with the Iraqi Army. After Rademacher follows his brothers home to the U.S., he records the ripple effect their life-threatening work has had on friends and family.
Ryûhei Sasaki (Teruyuki Kagawa) is keeping a secret from his wife, Megumi (Kyôko Koizumi), and his two teenage sons. Even though he leaves the house every day, he's not really going to work. He's going to an employment office. He recently lost his job due to outsourcing, but is determined to find another position, all while supporting an old friend who is also out of work. But when Megumi accidentally finds out Ryûhei's secret and doesn't tell him, her trust in him, and their marriage, suffers.
Though they once seemed to have a bright future, life seems to be passing by the Norkowski sisters. Rose (Amy Adams), once the most popular girl in high school, is a single mom and works as a maid. Norah (Emily Blunt) still lives at home with their father (Alan Arkin) and parties all the time. When Rose's married lover tells her about the lucrative field of crime-scene cleanup, she pours all her remaining resources into her new business, and recruits the squeamish Norah to help.
Actor Eric Bana documents his lifelong obsession with cars and the destruction of his first vehicle.
Young Phoebe (Elle Fanning) has Tourette's syndrome, and she's not very good at following rules. Her mother (Felicity Huffman) and father (Bill Pullman) struggle to help and understand her, even while Phoebe's little sister feels neglected by her parents. Things take a turn when Phoebe lands a role in her school's theatrical version of "Alice in Wonderland." Unconventional drama teacher Miss Dodger (Patricia Clarkson) helps the girl feel more normal, but Phoebe still struggles offstage.
A drama set in Portugal's fado music culture.
In an alternate 1985 America, costumed superheroes are part of everyday life. When one of his former comrades is murdered, masked vigilante Rorschach (Jackie Earle Haley) uncovers a plot to kill and discredit all past and present superheroes. As he reconnects with his retired associates, only one of which has true powers, Rorschach glimpses a far-reaching conspiracy involving their shared past and catastrophic consequences for the world's future.
A Chinese worker in Japan becomes the leader of an illegal immigrant gang.
Wealthy Swedish recluse Henrik Vanger (Sven-Bertil Taube) needs closure. Forty years ago, his beloved niece disappeared, never to be seen again -- and circumstances have led him to believe that a member of his own repugnant family must be responsible. Vanger hires stoic journalist Mikael Blomkvist (Michael Nyqvist) and scrappy, chain-smoking hacker Lisbeth Salander (Noomi Rapace) to come to his island, dig deep into chilling family secrets and unmask the killer once and for all.
After the death of his mother, Toby Morgan (Matthew Harbour) is sent to spend Christmas with his strict grandmother (Kevin Jubinville). The boy seems destined for an unpleasant holiday -- until he discovers an attic full of magical toys. The happy crew includes a prissy swan (Ellen Burstyn), an overeager horse (Tom Skerritt) and a lovely velveteen rabbit. The rabbit was left to him by his mother and, with its help, Toby might be granted his biggest Christmas wish of all.
Some of today's most-influential thinkers discuss their thoughts.
A young woman discovers the most powerful thing on earth is the human heart.
In 1940, at the beginning of World War II, Soviet soldiers conduct a mass execution of captured Polish officers. With Hitler's forces rapidly advancing into Eastern Europe, a surviving Polish officer, Lt. Jerzy (Andrzej Chyra), at great risk to his own life, chooses to stay behind with his wife, Anna (Maja Ostaszewska). As the Germans round up Lt. Jerzy and other officers, propaganda efforts cover up the truth about the Soviet soldiers' shocking brutality.
People come face to face with mysterious and stunning creatures of the ocean off Australia and New Guinea.
Ten years after the body of a mutilated girl was found in Yorkshire, another young girl is missing. Lawyer John Piggott (Mark Addy) is asked to re-examine the conviction of a disabled man who confessed to the earlier murders and now claims he dis so under intense police pressure. As Piggott looks into whether the Yorkshire police tortured their suspect, Detective Jobson (David Morrissey) starts to regret his brutal past and reveals a secret that casts the entire case in a new light.
Alice drowns while swimming and her family begins experiencing inexplicable events in their home. The family hires a parapsychologist whose investigation unveils Alice's secret double life and leads them all to Lake Mungo.
An urban love story tells of the heart of a fighter.
While exploring her new home, a girl named Coraline (Dakota Fanning) discovers a secret door, behind which lies an alternate world that closely mirrors her own but, in many ways, is better. She rejoices in her discovery, until Other Mother (Teri Hatcher) and the rest of her parallel family try to keep her there forever. Coraline must use all her resources and bravery to make it back to her own family and life.
In this gripping documentary, a group of young, unaccompanied Central American children struggle to make their way through Mexico, in order to ultimately reach the United States and jump the border to a new home. Director Rebecca Cammisa follows the struggles of these would-be illegal aliens as they battle poverty, dangerous train rides and potential predators, keeping their sights set on the possibility of a better life that awaits in a new country.
Actors (Konkona Sen Sharma, Farhan Akhtar) fall in love while seeking fame in Bollywood.
After Hungarian poet Hannah Senesh leaves the safety of Palestine to rescue Jews in her native country, Nazis capture and kill her.
Chaos and destruction ensue when the Hulk (Fred Tatasciore) battles adversaries Wolverine (Steven Blum) and Thor.
Ernesto "Che" Guevara (Benicio Del Toro) transforms from intellectual, asthmatic doctor to one of Latin America's legendary revolutionaries. In the years before his famous 1964 visit to the United Nations, Che joins forces with Cuban exile Fidel Castro (Demián Bichir) and ignites a revolution that eventually brings an end to the Batista regime in Cuba.
An abusive debt collector finds relief when he meets a high-school girl.
A man (Chris Kelly) must save his daughter (Quinn Hunchar) from a world where the forces of light and darkness wage war.
In this adaptation of a true story, devout Christian Mary Griffith (Sigourney Weaver) fights to "cure" her gay son, Bobby (Ryan Kelley). Although he tries to please his mother, Bobby cannot change his lifestyle, and his depression leads to suicide. Mary questions her faith and searches for comfort, but after the church is unable to help her cope with Bobby's death, she seeks to understand her opinions on homosexuality for herself. Eventually, Mary becomes an advocate for gay rights.
Dancer Jesco White (Edward Hogg) struggles with poverty, drug abuse and other ills as he strives to follow in his famous father's footsteps.
In 1970s Northern Ireland, young Joe Griffin watches in horror as the teenage leader of a UVF cell shoots Joe's brother dead. Thirty years later, peace is at hand, and Joe (James Nesbitt) is to meet his brother's killer, Alistair Little (Liam Neeson), on live TV. Unbeknownst to the TV crew, Joe is not there to reconcile with Alistair, but to kill him.
This documentary features the politically engaged con artists known as the Yes Men, who stage elaborate hoaxes to expose corporate malfeasance using guerrilla tactics. Among the stunts are promises to pay restitution to local citizens while impersonating executives from corporations like Dow -- whose explosion contaminated an Indian village -- and BP. They also pose as representatives from Haliburton and introduce the SurvivaBall, an inflatable orb designed to withstand catastrophe.
Hoping to see his daughter and grandchild, a terminally ill man (Richard Ray Whitman) embarks on a road trip with his former lover (Casey Camp-Horinek).
A portrait of actor John Cazale's work in film.
Vera and Axl live in the same warehouse and never meet until fate intercedes.
Spike Lee's adaptation of the Broadway show "Passing Strange" presents the portrait of a musician as a young man. In 1970s Los Angeles, a talented but rebellious middle-class African-American discovers punk rock. Through the intervention of a sincere choir director, the young man travels to Europe, where his talents blossom, but at the expense of those who care for him. The film is based on the life of musician Stew, who appears as narrator and commentator on his younger, rasher self.
A lonely Australian girl (Toni Collette) and an elderly Jewish man (Philip Seymour Hoffman) in New York develop an unlikely friendship through letters.
Retired auto worker and Korean War vet Walt Kowalski (Clint Eastwood) fills emptiness in his life with beer and home repair, despising the many Asian, Latino and black families in his neighborhood. Walt becomes a reluctant hero when he stands up to the gangbangers who tried to force an Asian teen to steal Walt's treasured car. An unlikely friendship develops between Walt and the teen, as he learns he has more in common with his neighbors than he thought.
A priest (Jeremy Sisto) delves into his city's seedier side when he tries to find a prostitute (Kristin Chenoweth) who entered his confessional and told him she was going to kill herself.
Newlyweds John and Jenny Grogan (Owen Wilson, Jennifer Aniston) leave behind snowy Michigan and move to Florida, where they buy their first home and find jobs at competing newspapers. Soon afterward, the Grogans adopt Marley, an adorable yellow Labrador pup. But Marley soon grows up to be a mischievous handful. Still, even while he's destroying the furniture and failing obedience school, he always manages to bring out the best in John, Jenny and their growing family.
Col. Claus von Stauffenberg (Tom Cruise) serves Germany with loyalty and pride but fears that Hitler will destroy his country if allowed to run unchecked. With time running out for Germany and the rest of Europe, von Stauffenberg joins a group of like-minded, high-ranking men who want to overthrow the Nazi regime from within. With everything he holds dear in the balance, von Stauffenberg becomes the trigger man in a plot to assassinate the evil dictator.
Born under unusual circumstances, Benjamin Button (Brad Pitt) springs into being as an elderly man in a New Orleans nursing home and ages in reverse. Twelve years after his birth, he meets Daisy, a child who flickers in and out of his life as she grows up to be a dancer (Cate Blanchett). Though he has all sorts of unusual adventures over the course of his life, it is his relationship with Daisy, and the hope that they will come together at the right time, that drives Benjamin forward.
A weary single mother (Barbara Sarafian) becomes involved with an ex-convict (Jurgen Delnaet).
This lyrical documentary uses high-definition photography, narration by French actress Zabou Breitman and an elaborate score to illuminate the life cycle of one of the world's most awe-inspiring but least-understood creatures -- the flamingo. The titular mysteries explored in the film include the process through which flamingos, born black and white, attain their highly recognizable pink shade. The story of these majestic birds unfolds among the striking landscapes of Tanzania.
Frank (Leonardo DiCaprio) and April Wheeler (Kate Winslet) always see themselves as far-removed from the conventionality of suburbia. Yet that is exactly what creeps up on them when they buy a house in Connecticut. He toils 10 hours a day in a job he hates, while she, as a 1950s homemaker, yearns for fulfillment and passion. Rebelling against the torpor of their lives, the couple plan an escape that may push them to their limits.
Seven years after his triumph in Cuba, Che (Benicio Del Toro) winds up in Bolivia, where he tries to ignite the same revolutionary fires as before. But, with the Bolivian army bolstered by CIA support, Che faces one defeat after another, finally meeting his end in the village of La Higuera.
In 1964 the winds of change are sweeping through Sister Aloysius' (Meryl Streep) St. Nicholas school. Father Flynn (Philip Seymour Hoffman), a charismatic priest, is advocating reform of the school's strict customs, and the first black student has just been accepted. When a fellow nun (Amy Adams) tells Sister Aloysius that Father Flynn may be paying too much personal attention to the student, Sister Aloysius begins a personal crusade against the priest -- despite her lack of evidence.
A gay teen (Tanner Cohen) uses a love potion to turn close-minded townspeople into homosexuals, including the handsome jock with whom he is secretly in love.
A dying woman (Olympia Dukakis) seeks a wife for her footloose son (John Stamos), a divorce lawyer determined not to wed.
Michael Berg (David Kross), a teen in postwar Germany, begins a passionate but clandestine affair with Hanna Schmitz (Kate Winslet), an older woman who enjoys having classic novels read to her. Then Hanna mysteriously disappears, leaving Michael heartbroken and confused. Years later, Michael, now a law student, gets the shock of his life when he sees Hanna on trial for Nazi war crimes.
In 1977, three years after the Watergate scandal that ended his presidency, Richard Nixon (Frank Langella) selects British TV personality David Frost (Michael Sheen) to conduct a one-on-one, exclusive interview. Though Nixon believes it will be easy to mislead Frost, and the latter's own team doubts that he can stand up to the former president, what actually unfolds is an unexpectedly candid and revealing interview before the court of public opinion.
In 1947 Chicago, Polish emigrant and bar owner Leonard Chess (Adrien Brody) hires a blues combo that includes guitarist Muddy Waters (Jeffrey Wright) and harmonica player Little Walter (Columbus Short). Waters' and Walter's success leads to Chess' management of stars Etta James (Beyoncé Knowles), Howlin' Wolf (Eamonn Walker), Chuck Berry (Mos Def) and others. Inevitably, business and personal lines blur as the sometimes-turbulent lives of the musicians play out.
Focusing on the 1981 hunger strikes by Republican prisoners in Northern Ireland. Bobby Sands is one of a group of prisoners who first "took to the blanket" with a "dirty protest" in pursuit of their claims for recognition as political prisoners. Sands then became the first one of the group to embark on a hunger strike that was to end in his death.
Sgt. Tong's attempt to arrest a fleeing criminal goes spectacularly wrong, ending in a massive pile-up and innocent lives lost in the gunshots exchanged between the police and villains.
In 1972, Harvey Milk (Sean Penn) and his then-lover Scott Smith leave New York for San Francisco, with Milk determined to accomplish something meaningful in his life. Settling in the Castro District, he opens a camera shop and helps transform the area into a mecca for gays and lesbians. In 1977 he becomes the nation's first openly gay man elected to a notable public office when he wins a seat on the Board of Supervisors. The following year, Dan White (Josh Brolin) kills Milk in cold blood.
Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) tries to prevent an African warlord from recruiting children for his militia.
A Laotian family leaves its war-torn country behind and moves to New York.
The days of canine superstar Bolt (John Travolta) are filled with danger and intrigue ... until the cameras stop rolling. But Bolt doesn't know that he's on a TV show; he thinks his amazing powers are real. When Bolt is accidentally shipped from his Hollywood soundstage to the mean streets of New York, he begins his most-amazing adventure: Armed only with his delusions and accompanied by a cat and a hamster, he sets out to to find his owner, Penny (Miley Cyrus).
When steely French matriarch Junon (Catherine Deneuve) learns she has leukemia, she asks her children and grandchildren at the family Christmas gathering to see if they are eligible to become bone marrow donors. This causes deep friction in the family, especially between Junon's daughter Elizabeth (Anne Consigny) and son Henri (Mathieu Amalric), who already have a tumultuous relationship. Their mother's sickness also recalls the traumatic loss of their brother Joseph when they were children.
A love triangle forms in Miami when two men (Abhishek Bachchan, John Abraham) who are pretending to be gay both fall in love with the same woman (Priyanka Chopra).
Thousands of citizens of Myanmar take to the streets in several cities to protest the Asian nation's repressive regime. The protests take on a new degree of seriousness when dozens of monks launch their own marches down city streets. This documentary from Anders Ostergaard focuses on the work of videographers and citizen journalists who defy the government's crackdown on the media -- a brave bunch who manage to transmit footage of the uprising to the outside world.
During World War II, 8-year-old Bruno (Asa Butterfield) and his family leave Berlin to take up residence near the concentration camp where his father (David Thewlis) has just become commandant. Unhappy and lonely, he wanders out behind his house one day and finds Shmuel (Jack Scanlon), a Jewish boy of his age. Though the barbed-wire fence of the camp separates them, the boys begin a forbidden friendship, oblivious to the real nature of their surroundings.
This documentary chronicles social unrest in the West African Republic of Liberia, where civil war has torn the nation apart and left hundreds of thousands dead or displaced. The film reconstructs the way this tragedy galvanized a coalition of Christian and Muslim women to rise up and, through nonviolent tactics, put pressure on their government to pursue peace talks. Director Gini Reticker follows their grassroots moment as it leads to democratic elections and Liberia's first female president.
After salesmen Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) trash a company truck, the court gives them a choice: jail time or community service in a mentoring program. Thinking to take the easy way out, the two overgrown adolescents find themselves paired with a teenager (Christopher Mintz-Plasse), who is experiencing the pangs of first love, and a foul-mouthed fifth-grader (Bobb'e J. Thompson), who needs an attitude adjustment.
Alex (Ben Stiller), Morty (Chris Rock) and other zoo animals find a way to escape from Madagascar when the penguins reassemble a wrecked airplane. The precariously repaired craft stays airborne just long enough to make it to the African continent. There the New Yorkers encounter members of their own species for the first time. Africa proves to be a wild place, but Alex and company wonder if it is better than their Central Park home.
In 2001, 28-year-old Dr. Andrew Bagby is found dead in a park in Pennsylvania. He had been shot by his ex-girlfriend, who then fled to Canada, where she was able to walk free on bail, pregnant with Andrew's child. Andrew's enraged parents campaign to gain custody of the child and convict their son's killer. Filmmaker Kurt Kuenne pairs this story with home movies and interviews with those who knew Andrew, hoping to give his best friend's son an opportunity to discover who his dad was.
During a romantic weekend getaway, a young couple confronts a gang of youths, and suffers brutal consequences.
Lifelong friends and now roommates, Zack (Seth Rogen) and Miri (Elizabeth Banks) are buried under a mountain of debt. When the electricity is turned off, they realize that desperate times call for desperate measures. They decide to make an adult film to raise some cash. Though they swear that having sex will not damage their friendship, their business proposition quickly turns into something much more.
Newly born fairy Tinker Bell (Mae Whitman) is transported by the wind to Pixie Hollow on the island of Neverland and learns that, as a tinker, her job is to repair broken items. When Tinker meets some new friends -- water fairy Silvermist (Lucy Liu), garden fairy Rosetta (Kristin Chenoweth) and animal fairy Fawn (America Ferrera) -- she realizes that she will not travel to the mainland to help bring about spring. Sad and upset, Tinker struggles with who she is and who she wants to be.
Chris comes home and finds his friend dealing drugs.
After serving 15 years in prison for killing her young son, Juliette (Kristin Scott Thomas) moves in with her younger sister, Lea (Elsa Zylberstein). Though Lea has built a comfortable family life in the years since Juliette went away, she is still affected by her sister's terrible crime. Meanwhile, world-weary Juliette attempts to get past the years of estrangement and reconnect with Lea.
In 1928 Los Angeles, single mother Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) arrives home to find her son, Walter, gone. Five months later her prayers are answered when Walter is found in Illinois. But to Christine's horror, the boy who steps off the train is not her son. Authorities vehemently dispute Christine's claim, and her one ally is a clergyman (John Malkovich) who sees the case as his chance to expose corruption in the Los Angeles Police Department and government.
Life is looking pretty bleak for theater director Caden Cotard (Philip Seymour Hoffman). His wife and daughter have left him, his therapist is more interested in plugging her new book than helping him with his problems, and a strange disease is causing his body to shut down. Caden leaves his home in Schenectady, New York, and heads to New York City, where he gathers a cast of actors and tells them to live their lives within the constructs of a mock-up of the city.
Amid preparations for a basketball championship, prom, and graduation, sweethearts Troy Bolton (Zac Efron) and Gabriella Montez (Vanessa Hudgens) vow to savor every moment, knowing that college plans put the future of their relationship into question. An elaborate spring musical is just the thing for these two Wildcats and the rest of their classmates to express their fears and hopes for the future.
Survivors of the 1972 Andes plane crash tell their story.
Environmental activist and filmmaker Josh Tickell explores alternate energy sources, especially biofuels, as a way to wean America away from its dependence on foreign oil.
Filmmaker James Honeyborne follows a young meerkat as it grows up in the Kalahari Desert.
When his friend Huang (Tony Leung Ka Fai) visits mercenary Ou-yang (Leslie Cheung), they trade stories including that of princess Mu-rong (Brigitte Lin), who is alternately male and female. Peach Blossom (Carina Lau) quarrels with her blind husband (Tony Leung Chiu Wai), a swordsman who wants to avenge the bereavement of a peasant girl (Maggie Cheung). The girl also attracts the favors of the swordsman Hung Chi (Jacky Cheung), who is forever trailed by his doting wife (Li Bai).
Teacher Poppy Cross (Sally Hawkins) is an eternal optimist who lives with her more cynical friend Zoe (Alexis Zegerman). Deciding she wants to learn to drive, she starts taking lessons from Scott (Eddie Marsan), a tense and downbeat instructor who believes Poppy's levity reflects a lack of seriousness. Although they clash, Poppy is not deterred from her goal. Meanwhile, she starts dating Tim, a social worker who came to her school to help a child.
Born into poverty, Ernie Davis (Rob Brown) overcomes many obstacles to get into Syracuse University's football program. Under the guidance of Coach Ben Schwartzwalder (Dennis Quaid), Davis becomes one of the school's best players, even surpassing Jim Brown's achievements. In 1961 Davis becomes the first black player to win the Heisman Trophy, but there is one more obstacle in his life that he must overcome.
After announcing his candidacy for president, George W. Bush moves to the Prairie Chapel Ranch near the small town of Crawford, Tex. This documentary consists of unbiased portraits of Crawford's citizens and explores the effect Bush's move has on their lives over the span of his two terms in office. Many were proud to have Bush as a neighbor. But in 2005, when thousands of antiwar protesters swarm into Crawford, the divisions among the residents becomes much more pronounced.
Nick (Michael Cera) cannot stop obsessing over his ex-girlfriend, Tris (Alexis Dziena), until Tris' friend Norah (Kat Dennings) suddenly shows interest in him at a club. Thus beings an odd night filled with ups and downs as the two keep running into Tris and her new boyfriend while searching for Norah's drunken friend, Caroline (Ari Graynor), with help from Nick's band mates. As the night winds down, the two have to figure out what they want from each other.
Merely 10 steps would take America into a fascist state.
Ben Addelman and Samir Mallal examine the growth and problems of the Nigerian film industry -- the third largest in the world.
Newly widowed by her husband's shocking suicide, recovering addict Marlee (Tarra Riggs) struggles to raise her young son, James (JimMyron Ross), by herself. Inconsolable over the suicide and unequipped to face life without a father, the stunned James reaches out to his estranged uncle Lawrence (Micheal J. Smith Sr.), his father's stoic identical twin. In the wake of their reunion, James sets out on a painful, meandering path that inevitably lands him and his grieving family in grave danger.
A campaign adviser has a change of heart before his death.
When German police viciously quell a protest against the shah of Iran, popular journalist Ulrike Meinhof (Martina Gedeck) rebels against her dishonest marriage, walks away from her children and joins radical anarchist Andreas Baader (Moritz Bleibtreu). Together with Baader's girlfriend, Gudrun Ensslin (Johanna Wokalek), they form the violent Red Faction Army, and together perpetrate a slew of terrorist attacks as a way of disrupting the fabric of what they see as an increasingly fascist state.
A rickshaw driver must decide to keep a billionaire's inheritance or stay humble.
Conjecture surrounds President Kennedy's possible actions if he had not been assassinated in 1963.
Film critic Godfrey Cheshire discovers that his cousin Charlie has inherited Midway Plantation from their extended family. Located on hundreds of acres in North Carolina, this grand artifact of the Old South now rubs shoulders with strip malls and fast food chains. Charlie has plans to literally move it elsewhere, and Godfrey has plans to film his efforts. But then they hear from some distant relatives who also want to have a say in the decision -- descendants of the plantation's slaves.
A young man infiltrates the IRA for the British police until being exposed and tortured.
A man tries to organize a nude photo shoot of people affected by the toxic drug Thalidomide.
When reporter Rachel Armstrong (Kate Beckinsale) writes a story that reveals the identity of a covert CIA operative, the government demands that Rachel reveal her source. She defies the special prosecutor (Matt Dillon) and is thrown in jail. Meanwhile, her attorney, Albert Burnside (Alan Alda) argues her case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Forced to change careers after government cuts, Palestinian judge Abu Laila (Mohammed Bakri) becomes a cabbie. And in his new profession, chaos is the rule. One morning, Abu's wife, Um (Areen Omari), dispatches him with the task of securing a gift and a cake for Laila (Nour Zoubi), their soon-to-be 7-year-old daughter. But in a day marked by gridlock, unruly passengers and surprises at every turn, Abu's simple errand becomes a surreal adventure in the urban dysfunction of the West Bank.
In Cape Town, South Africa, during the final years of apartheid, David Lurie (John Malkovich), disgraced by an improper affair with a female student, decamps to live with his daughter, Lucy (Jessica Haines), on her country farm. David quickly settles into the quieter pace of rural life and begins to make peace with the scandal. But trouble erupts when a group of black youths rob the farm and rape Lucy, leading David to question his place within the social fabric of South Africa.
Commentator-comic Bill Maher plays devil's advocate with religion as he talks to believers about their faith. Traveling around the world, Maher examines the tenets of Christianity, Judaism and Islam and raises questions about homosexuality, proof of Christ's existence, Jewish Sabbath laws, violent Muslim extremists.
Mark (Chad Allen), a gay young man, is shipped off to a center that advertises it can "cure" people of their desires for those of the same sex. When Mark arrives at Genesis House, he is put under the charge of a strict couple, Gayle (Judith Light) and Ted (Stephen Lang). Gayle, who has dealt with her own demons, soon senses Mark is getting too close to another resident, Scott (Robert Gant) -- and she will do anything to ensure the boys don't cross the line.
Though adored by the people, the Duchess of Devonshire (Keira Knightley) is not content to sit as a pretty figurehead. Determined to be a major player in affairs of state, she rises to the forefront of the Whig Party and helps usher in reform in late-1700s England. The one thing it seems she cannot do is win the heart of her husband (Ralph Fiennes).
During the summer of 1968, Leon, a 10-year-old boy, navigates the hardships of young love, his lunatic mother's whims, and his urges to vandalize the house of his neighbors.
Aging wrestler Randy "The Ram" Robinson (Mickey Rourke) is long past his prime but still ready and rarin' to go on the pro-wrestling circuit. After a particularly brutal beating, however, Randy hangs up his tights, pursues a serious relationship with a long-in-the-tooth stripper (Marisa Tomei), and tries to reconnect with his estranged daughter (Evan Rachel Wood). But he can't resist the lure of the ring and readies himself for a comeback.
After a near-death experience during a routine colonoscopy, people-hating dentist Bertrum Pincus is shocked to discover that he is suddenly able to talk to the dead. Constantly cornered by unhappy spirits who want him to help resolve their earthly problems, the misanthropic Pincus is driven to distraction. Eventually talked into helping the dearly departed Frank Herlihy, Pincus attempts to talk to Frank's widow, Gwen.
Two roommates (Dylan Moran, Mark Doherty) ponder the problems of disposal when freak accidents claim the lives of one's friends and family.
In 1951, Barney Rosset acquires Grove Press and soon becomes the most controversial publisher in America. Scandal attends almost every book he puts out, from an uncensored version of D.H. Lawrence's "Lady Chatterley's Lover" to Henry Miller's "Tropic of Cancer," the latter provoking an obscenity trial that goes all the way to the Supreme Court. Filmmaker Neil Ortenberg traces Rosset's life and career, and along the way interviews many of the authors Rosset made famous, infamous or both.
In November 1968, undefeated Ivy League football teams from Harvard and Yale square off in a historic game in which Yale led 29-13 with 42 seconds left on the clock.
Aaron Rose and Joshua Leonard document the lives and careers of young artists and designers who -- though unfamiliar with the workings of the traditional art world -- have had an impact on it.
A wealthy family fascinates a working-class youth (Venkatesh Chavan).
Old-school mobster Lenny Cole (Tom Wilkinson) rules London's underworld with an iron fist and a score of well-greased palms. As big-time gangsters and petty crooks all scramble to get their cut of a Russian mobster's crooked land deal, street-wise hustler One Two (Gerard Butler) tries to play both sides of the fence as the lucrative deal falls into the lap of Lenny's presumed-dead son.
In this autobiographical documentary, celebrated French filmmaker Agnes Varda provides a window into her eventful life as she revisits various locales that have been important to her. Interspersed between these trips are interviews with Varda's collaborators and family members, as well as archive footage and still photographs. This eclectic mix provides both a history of the subject and an illuminating tour of an artist's mind and creative process.
As an affluent New England family prepares for one daughter's wedding, another named Kym (Anne Hathaway) -- just out of her latest stint in rehab -- whirls into town causing upheaval. The sister, Rachel (Rosemarie DeWitt), is more than a bit resentful of Kym's antics taking center stage, and as time ticks by, long-simmering family tensions come boiling to the surface.
Chinese martial arts student Chen Zhen (Jet Li) is studying in Kyoto, Japan, when he learns his mentor has died in a match against Ryuichi Akutagawa (Jackson Liu). Returning home to the Japanese-occupied Shanghai of 1937, Chen challenges Ryuichi to a fight and easily defeats him. Concluding his master was set up, Chen has an autopsy performed. Meanwhile, word of his martial arts skill entices new students hoping to study with him, making his teacher's son, Huo Ting-An (Chin Siu Ho), jealous.
As 18-year-old Jamal Malik (Dev Patel) answers questions on the Indian version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire," flashbacks show how he got there. Part of a stable of young thieves after their mother dies, Jamal and his brother, Salim, survive on the streets of Mumbai. Salim finds the life of crime agreeable, but Jamal scrapes by with small jobs until landing a spot on the game show.
After serving 15 years in a Czechoslovakian prison, Jan Díte; (Ivan Barnev) looks back on his life as an aspiring millionaire. As a young man, Jan comes to believe that wealth and prestige are the ultimate source of happiness. He works his way up from a lowly train attendant to a series of jobs in prominent hotels with wealthy guests. While in constant pursuit of money, Jan has a string of affairs and a relationship with a fanatical Nazi that lead him towards temptation and social ruin.
Archival film footage and interviews illustrate the life and work of the Hollywood legend, from her early days to her reign as one of the brightest stars of the silent-film era.
When straight-arrow agent Roy Clayton (Guy Pearce) assumes command of a special FBI task force, he becomes entangled in a web of covert operations. All the clues in Clayton's investigation point to Samir Horn (Don Cheadle), a former Special Ops soldier who now aids terrorists. But as Clayton digs deeper and contradictory evidence begins to emerge, he begins to question Horn's motives.
When a disc containing memoirs of a former CIA analyst (John Malkovich) falls into the hands of Linda Litzke (Frances McDormand) and Chad Feldheimer (Brad Pitt), the two gym employees see a chance to make enough money for her to have life-changing cosmetic surgery. Predictably, events whirl out of control for the duo doofuses and those in their orbit.
Adopted by an eccentric explorer (Richard Griffiths), three orphans (Emma Watson, Yasmin Paige, Lucy Boynton) struggle to fulfill their ambitious dreams.
A young woman must choose to join an insane family or die.
As Hurricane Katrina raged around them, Scott and Kimberly Rivers Roberts took shelter with some neighbors in their attic in New Orleans' Ninth Ward. Kimberly, an aspiring rapper, brought her video camera and filmed herself, her husband and their friends before and during the devastating storm. This footage is at the heart of Tia Lessin and Carl Deal's documentary about the Hurricane Katrina tragedy, along with the filmmakers' own footage of Kimberly and Scott rebuilding their lives afterwards.
Questions and interviews explore America's obsession with beauty.
Will the United States of America go broke in your lifetime? This documentary examines the myriad reasons why such a dangerous outcome is a distinct possibility. In the opinion of some, as the baby boomer generation ages, entitlement programs will be strained to the breaking point, and an astronomical defense budget and excessive national debt threaten to hurl the country over the financial brink. If the U.S. is not prepared to change its ways, the film warns, we'd better be ready for disaster.
Tugg Speedman (Ben Stiller), pampered action superstar, sets out for Southeast Asia to take part in the biggest, most-expensive war movie produced, but soon after filming begins, he and his co-stars, Oscar-winner Kirk Lazarus (Robert Downey Jr.), comic Jeff Portnoy (Jack Black) and the rest of the crew, must become real soldiers when fighting breaks out in that part of the jungle.
An aging widower (Brian Cox) seeks justice after the callous sons of a wealthy businessman (Tom Sizemore) kill his beloved dog.
An intimate portrait of the musician and singer.
Stoner Dale Denton's (Seth Rogen) enjoyment of a rare strain of marijuana may prove fatal when he drops his roach in a panic after witnessing a murder. Upon learning that the fancy weed can be traced back to them, Dale and his dealer (James Franco) go on the lam, with a dangerous drug lord (Gary Cole) and crooked cop (Rosie Perez) hot on their heels.
Following freshman year at college, best friends Tibby (Amber Tamblyn), Lena (Alexis Bledel), Carmen (America Ferrera) and Bridget (Blake Lively) find it increasingly difficult to stay in touch. As their lives take different paths, it may take more than a shared pair of well-worn blue jeans to keep their bonds from completely unraveling.
After her husband deserts her, working-class mother Ray Eddy (Melissa Leo) is in great need of money to find a home. Lured by the possibility of easy cash, Ray joins Lila (Misty Upham) a widowed Mohawk who earns a living by smuggling immigrants from Canada to the U.S. across the St. Lawrence.
As Australian cinema broke through to international audiences in the 1970s through respected art house films like Peter Weir's "Picnic At Hanging Rock," a new underground of low-budget exploitation filmmakers were turning out considerably less highbrow fare. Documentary filmmaker Mark Hartley explores this unbridled era of sex and violence, complete with clips from some of the scene's most outrageous flicks and interviews with the renegade filmmakers themselves.
Although "Mardi Gras" immediately brings to mind New Orleans for most people, the first Mardi Gras in America was actually held in Mobile, Ala., over 300 years ago. Remarkably, even in 2007, the festivities remain racially segregated, with two pairs of kings and queens -- one black, one white. Filmmaker Margaret Brown takes us through the divided zones of Mobile's current Mardi Gras celebrations as numerous participants attempt to initiate an integration between black and white revelers.
In 1975 a group of surfers revolutionizes the sport.
Recalling the antiwar sentiment of his band Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young's music from the Vietnam era, musician Neil Young (using the pseudonym Bernard Shakey) directed this anti-Iraq War documentary, which follows the group's 2006 "Freedom of Speech" tour. The film combines music from Young's controversial "Living with War" album with footage of the touring band during the U.S. midterm elections in 2006, while it also examines the ongoing relationship between art and politics.
Based on the books by Louise Rennison, this tale follows 14-year-old Georgia Nicholson as she attempts to woo Robbie, one half of a pair of fraternal twins. Prone to getting herself into embarrassing situations and worried about her parent's marriage, Georgia discovers that being a teen can be a pain in the neck.
In 1973, Lou Reed's album "Berlin" meets with hostile fans and critics, evidently because its precursor, "Transformer," was an upbeat, glam-rock hit. Despite the album's gradual critical acclaim, Reed never performs it live. This changes for five nights in Brooklyn, N.Y., as Reed performs the melancholy album in its entirety. The rock 'n' roll legend resurrects his doomed work, performing in front of projected images depicting scenes from the star-crossed romance the album narrates.
Self-trained at topiary, Pearl Fryar creates a garden that draws international tourists.
In this acclaimed documentary, Marina Zenovich probes the sexual misconduct case against world-renowned director Roman Polanski. Arrested for drugging and then having sex with a minor in 1977, Polanski famously pled guilty and fled the United States for France before sentencing, fearing a corrupt judge. Zenovich explores the events of that year in depth through archived footage, and also examines Polanski's tragic past, including the murder of his wife Sharon Tate, and surviving the Holocaust.
A filmmaker interviews Dominic Noonan, head of a powerful British crime family.
Chan Kwai Bun (Lau Ching Wan) has the power to see people's "inner personalities," making him a very capable, if unorthodox and unstable, police detective. He is invited back to active duty by Ho Ka On (Andy On), a cop investigating the disappearance of a fellow officer whose weapon has been used in multiple robberies. Ho and Ko Chi Wai (Lam Ka Tung), the missing cop's partner, go after an Indian suspect. Bun, however, can see both men's inner selves and suspects something else at play.
With the help of allies Lt. Jim Gordon (Gary Oldman) and DA Harvey Dent (Aaron Eckhart), Batman (Christian Bale) has been able to keep a tight lid on crime in Gotham City. But when a vile young criminal calling himself the Joker (Heath Ledger) suddenly throws the town into chaos, the caped Crusader begins to tread a fine line between heroism and vigilantism.
On their way home from China, married Christian missionaries Roy (Woody Harrelson) and Jessie (Emily Mortimer) take a train from Beijing to Moscow. On board, they befriend Carlos (Eduardo Noriega) and Abby (Kate Mara). When Roy does not return in time at one stop, Jessie waits for him to catch up at the next station. Carlos and Abby stay with her, insisting the town is unsafe, however Carlos' attempts to "befriend" Jessie radically change the dynamic of the trip.
A new convict (Stephen Dorff) struggles to maintain his sanity and sense of humanity after he's thrust into a prison system in which a brutal guard (Harold Perrineau) encourages gladiatorial combat between inmates.
A friendship forms between Darcy, a recovering anorexic, and Lydia, an obese woman.
The leader of a small ultra-orthodox community in Tel Aviv, Rabbi Abraham Edelman (Assi Dayan) is absolutely inflexible about doctrine. It's a trait that has won him no shortage of respect from his peers, but it's beginning to cause conflict with his son (Ilan Griff). Little Menahem has a growing fascination with the natural world, and simply can't understand why his father must shoo a mother bird from her nest, or insist that dogs have no souls.
The Dark Knight (Kevin Conroy) battles Scarecrow, Killer Croc and Deadshot.
It's summer in New York City, the year is 1994, and teenage marijuana dealer Luke Shapiro (Josh Peck) is trading dime bags for sessions with his therapist, Dr. Squires (Ben Kingsley). Luke has girl troubles and self-esteem issues, but the doctor has problems of his own -- namely, his deteriorating marriage and midlife crisis. Together, the mismatched pair launch across the metropolis on an odyssey full of girls (Olivia Thirlby, Mary-Kate Olsen), hip-hop and cannabis smoke.
Hellboy (Ron Perlman), his pyrokinetic girlfriend, Liz (Selma Blair), and aquatic empath, Abe Sapien (Doug Jones), face their biggest battle when an underworld prince (Luke Goss) plans to reclaim Earth for his magical kindred. Tired of living in the shadow of humans, Prince Nuada tries to awaken an ancient army of killing machines to clear the way for fantasy creatures to roam free. Only Hellboy can stop the dark prince and prevent humanity's annihilation.
Rucker Park in New York City's Harlem has been host to many legends, such as Wilt Chamberlain and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. Now, the top high-school basketball players in America will assemble on the same court to compete in the first annual "Elite 24" all-star game, which is seen as a good measure of a player's NBA potential. This documentary trails eight of the teens as -- preparing to become champions -- they demonstrate the required dedication that accompanies a swift rise to greatness.
WALL-E, short for Waste Allocation Load Lifter Earth-class, is the last robot left on Earth. He spends his days tidying up the planet, one piece of garbage at a time. But during 700 years, WALL-E has developed a personality, and he's more than a little lonely. Then he spots EVE (Elissa Knight), a sleek and shapely probe sent back to Earth on a scanning mission. Smitten WALL-E embarks on his greatest adventure yet when he follows EVE across the galaxy.
French artist Louise Bourgeois, known for her gigantic spider sculptures, reveals her creative process and ongoing artistic influences.
A planet-sized alien takes control of Fry (Billy West) and jeopardizes humans on Earth.
Agnes (Jennifer Lawrence) and her two sisters struggle through a day in a home overrun by gamblers, thieves, and johns.
At the age of 17, Nazneen leaves Bangladesh for an arranged marriage to an older husband in London's Brick Lane. After ten years, she has given Chanu two daughters, made him a home and trimmed the corns on his feet but she yearns to break free. She begins an illicit affair with Karim, the dashing market trader for whom she sews jeans.
Kit Kittredge (Abigail Breslin), a girl growing up in Depression-era Cincinnati, has a nose for news and a knack for picking up strays. When a crime spree hits the Ohio city, all evidence points to the local hobo community, particularly Kit's friend Will. She recruits her friends Ruthie and Stirling to sniff out the real thief, but the children uncover a plot that reaches far beyond Cincinnati.
The South Central Farm is a 14-acre community garden that was established in the ruins of the L.A. riots in 1992. After the lush garden thrived for a decade, the urban farmers were notified that they were being evicted. In a back-room deal, the city of Los Angeles sold the space back to the developer who originally owned it. The farmers mobilize to prevent the onslaught of bulldozers in an attempt to save their beautiful land and the sustainable life it has provided.
Wesley Gibson (James McAvoy) is an office worker whose life is going nowhere. After his estranged father is murdered, he meets Fox (Angelina Jolie), who recruits him into the Fraternity, a secret society of assassins which takes its orders from Fate itself. Fox and Sloan (Morgan Freeman), the Fraternity's leader, teach Wesley to tap into dormant powers. Though he enjoys his newfound abilities, he begins to suspect that there is more to the Fraternity than meets the eye.
Scientist Bruce Banner (Edward Norton) desperately seeks a cure for the gamma radiation that contaminated his cells and turned him into The Hulk. Cut off from his true love Betty Ross (Liv Tyler) and forced to hide from his nemesis, Gen. Thunderbolt Ross (William Hurt), Banner soon comes face-to-face with a new threat: a supremely powerful enemy known as The Abomination (Tim Roth).
A young man returns to his village to help his father.
This fact-based epic traces the early and tumultuous years of legendary warrior Genghis Khan, then known as Temudgin (Tadanobu Asano). Despite the killing of his father, the betrayal of his friend, and even being forced to serve as a slave, Temudgin still creates his own path for future greatness. He hones his battle skills and marries Borte (Khulan Chuluun), whose love and reliability are crucial, often overlooked elements to his historic success as a conqueror.
Po the panda (Jack Black) works in his family's noodle shop and dreams of becoming a kung-fu master. His dream becomes a reality when, unexpectedly, he must fulfill an ancient prophecy and study the skills with his idols, the Furious Five. Po needs all the wisdom, strength and ability he can muster to protect his people from an evil snow leopard.
As poet Blake Morrison (Colin Firth) visits his dying father (Jim Broadbent), he remembers the feeling of being overshadowed by his gregarious dad. Blake's conflicted memories roam back and forth through the 1950s, the '60s and then the late '80s, the last in which Blake is a married man with a career of his own.
Weary action star Jean-Claude Van Damme (Jean-Claude Van Damme) returns to Belgium to find relief from his troubles but instead stumbles into a bank robbery.
A profile of Harlan Ellison, a prolific fiction writer.
This documentary presents the pervasive use of steroids in sports as an indication of the American obsession with winning at all costs. The Bell brothers have been sucked into the world of performance-enhancing drugs, thinking this is their ticket to realizing the American dream. Interviews with politicians, doctors, bodybuilders and coaches raise the question: Do the ends really justify the means? Because in the mad dash to win, an entire culture may be poised to lose.
A vengeful policewoman (Eihi Shiina) battles an army of cyborg creatures that showcase horrific mutations.
In this dramatization of the 2000 presidential election, Al Gore concedes the presidency to George W. Bush, but recants when he learns of irregularities in the Florida vote count. Democratic strategists Ron Klain (Kevin Spacey) and Michael Whouley (Denis Leary) race to Florida to uncover the truth, as do Republicans under James Baker (Tom Wilkinson). Between faulty voting equipment and the vagaries of Florida's Secretary of State Katherine Harris (Laura Dern), a 36-day stalemate ensues.
Francois Marin (François Bégaudeau) is a French language and literature teacher at an inner-city Paris high school. As the new school year begins, he introduces himself to his new class and begins the arduous process of reaching out to each of them. Marin encounters his share of problem students, teen violence, ethnic tensions between classmates and education barriers within the group, all of which test his patience and -- more importantly -- his resolve as an educator.
Filmmakers Eddy Moretti and Suroosh Alvi risk their lives as they travel to Baghdad to interview Acrassicauda, Iraq's only heavy metal band. When they arrive, they find a group of spirited but worn-down young men whose lives have been torn apart by the violence on the streets of Baghdad. Many of their friends have either fled the country or died. Unable to book shows in their homeland, the bandmates seek refuge in Damascus, Syria, where they attempt to rebuild their band and their lives.
Ami loses her brother to yakuza bullies then her arm when she seeks retribution. Two mechanics take pity on her and create a new limb out of a machine gun allowing her and a chainsaw wielding woman to seek out their revenge.
Wendy (Michelle Williams), a near-penniless drifter, is traveling to Alaska in search of work, and her only companion is her dog, Lucy. Already perilously close to losing everything, Wendy hits a bigger bump in the road when her old car breaks down and she is arrested for shoplifting dog food. When she posts bail and returns to retrieve Lucy, she finds that the dog is gone, prompting a frantic search for her pet.
Filmmaker Parvez Sharma travels into the secretive world of homosexuality within the Islamic faith. He interviews those who try to reconcile their faith with the ban on gays and lesbians, attempting to walk a fine line between persecution and honesty. Religious leaders who are unequivocal on the subject are also interviewed and take a predictably hard-line stance. The subjects of the film choose to remain Muslims in countries where many others would flee.
Lorna (Arta Dobroshi), a young Albanian woman living in Belgium, has hopes of opening a cafe with her boyfriend, an itinerant worker who visits when he can. She marries Claudy, a local junkie, to secure legal residency and collaborates with Fabio (Fabrizio Rongione), a low-life cab driver who arranges a hefty payoff for her to marry a Russian mobster. Lorna wants to divorce Claudy; but Fabio wants him to overdose. She knows nothing of the threatening underworld in which she will be enmeshed.
Farmers and their families and how they live in France.
Documentary focusing on the lives of eight people affected after a thriving factory in China that provides hundreds of jobs is replaced by an apartment complex.
Americans Vicky (Rebecca Hall) and Cristina (Scarlett Johansson) arrive in Spain for a summer vacation at a friend's (Patricia Clarkson) Barcelona home. Visiting an art gallery, they meet seductive painter Juan Antonio (Javier Bardem), who invites them for a weekend of food, art and sex. Sparks really ignite when his fiery former lover (Penélope Cruz) arrives on the scene, making for a very crowded house.
One year after their previous adventure, the Pevensie children (Georgie Henley, Skandar Keynes, William Moseley, Anna Popplewell) return to the magical land of Narnia and find that 1300 years have passed there. War has come to Narnia once again, and the children join forces with Prince Caspian (Ben Barnes) to overthrow the evil King Miraz and restore peace to the land.
A family man (Dragos Bucur) relives his carefree years when he reunites with two friends.
Israeli filmmaker Ari Folman wrote, directed and stars in this autobiographical animated film. As a 19-year-old infantry soldier in the 1982 war with Lebanon, Folman witnessed the Sabra and Shatila massacre, but realizes that he has no memory of the event. In 2006, he seeks out others who were in Beirut at the time to discuss their memories, including a psychologist specializing in post-traumatic stress disorders and the first journalist to cover the massacre.
In this spy movie parody, French Office of Strategic Services agent Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath (Jean Dujardin) investigates the disappearance of his fellow agent and longtime friend Jack Jefferson (Philippe Lefebvre). Disguised as the head of a wholesale chicken company, Hubert dispatches to Cairo amid the Suez Crisis. He meets his contact, Mossad agent Larmina El Akmar Betouche (Bérénice Bejo), but then comically stumbles upon an international conspiracy.
A writer (Stephen Dillane) has trouble moving past his haunting memories of the Holocaust.
Ray murders two young women in a campground, but is never charged due to a lack of evidence. Four years later, a detective and a new resident push Ray into more deranged behavior.
A young woman's quest for revenge leads her down a path of depravity.
Antarctic researchers make a significant discovery about climate change.
A history shows graffiti from ancient cave paintings to a contemporary boom in the 1970s.
Investigating the infamous Abu Ghraib scandal, Errol Morris interviews American guards and Iraqi prisoners who were at the military jail before images of prisoner torture emerged in 2004. One female guard, who posed alongside fallen Iraqis in notorious images, tells Morris that her crimes were inspired by her love for another soldier, and another explains why she took photographs of her fellow troops. In the process, Morris suggests that the scandal resulted from systemic flaws in the military.
When professor Walter Vale (Richard Jenkins) travels to New York for a lecture, he's stunned to find illegal immigrants Tarek (Haaz Sleiman) and Zainab (Danai Gurira) living in his apartment. It comes out that it was rented to them by a swindler, and Vale feels sufficiently sorry for them that he invites them to stay. They get on well until Tarek is accused of jumping a subway turnstile and lands in a detention center. He risks being deported, and Vale does everything he can to prevent it.
A documentary about American composer Philip Glass.
Filmmakers Brad and John Hennegan observe horse trainers and thoroughbreds prepare for the Kentucky Derby.
Jason (Michael Angarano), an American teenager, is a huge fan of Hong Kong cinema and old kung-fu movies. While browsing in a Chinatown pawn shop, he discovers the stick weapon of an ancient Chinese sage and warrior, the Monkey King. The magic relic transports Jason back in time, where he joins a band of legendary martial-artists on a quest to free the imprisoned man.
A billionaire industrialist and genius inventor, Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.), is conducting weapons tests overseas, but terrorists kidnap him to force him to build a devastating weapon. Instead, he builds an armored suit and upends his captors. Returning to America, Stark refines the suit and uses it to combat crime and terrorism.
In 2002, psychotherapist Jenny Phillips begins intensive meditation retreats for inmates at a maximum-security prison in rural Alabama. Based on the principles of Vipassana meditation, the 10-day retreats are conducted in total silence. This documentary explores the lives of four convicted murderers before, during and after the arduous retreats, as well as reactions from residents of the nearby town of Bessemer, many of whom object to the program on religious or social grounds.
In this documentary, Iraq War veteran Tomas Young returns from duty with a severed spine and post-traumatic stress disorder. As Young reflects on his experiences in combat and the high price he paid for going to fight in the Middle East, he begins to question the validity of the war in Iraq and the value of war in general. As Young transforms from shattered soldier to devout anti-war activist, the debate over the Iraq war rages through Congress and ignites public outrage.
Martial artist Mike Terry (Chiwetel Ejiofor) lives by a strict code of no competitions, for he feels that such contests weaken fighters. After saving a famous action star (Tim Allen) from a brutal attack, Mike takes a job in the film industry. He soon finds his personal beliefs and integrity on the line as circumstances force him to participate in a prize fight.
Art commentator Paul H-O examines his relationship with photographer Cindy Sherman, whose fame overshadowed his own.
One difficulty in diagnosing Lyme disease is the fact that its symptoms are very broad, they seem to mimic those of other diseases and they vary from patient to patient. This documentary investigates the epidemic we are now facing and traces its flourishing to a negligent and corrupt health care system. Interviews with patients and doctors paints a clear picture of a medical industry that has decided to place profits ahead of the health of the people it is supposed to be treating.
Cuban photographer Alberto Diaz snaps an iconic image of Ernesto Guevara in 1960.
Gunman Flame (Thure Lindhardt) and his partner Citron (Mads Mikkelsen) assassinate Nazi collaborators for the Dutch resistance. Assigned targets by their Allies-connected leader, Aksel Winther (Peter Mygind), they relish the opportunity to begin targeting the Nazis themselves. When they begin to doubt the validity of their assignments, their morally complicated task becomes even more labyrinthine. Though Flame romances enigmatic Ketty Selmer (Stine Stengade), Citron may be his only ally.
Ismael (Louis Garrel) and Julie (Ludivine Sagnier) lead a blissfully romantic existence in Paris and are as likely to sing their thoughts as speak them. They meet a variety of equally passionate young people as they wander through the dream-like city, and they invite Alice (Clotilde Hesme) into their lives and into their bed. The delicate balance of their idyllic world is threatened when death intrudes unexpectedly, challenging them to keep love alive through loss and mourning.
Australian Kenny Smyth (Shane Jacobson) has possibly one of the most thankless and off-putting occupations imaginable: He's a plumber who specializes in delivering and maintaining portable toilets to well-populated events. Mockumentary cameras follow Smyth as he juggles his family life with his excrement-soaked travails and eventually works his way to the highlight of his career -- a visit to the International Pumper and Cleaner Expo in Nashville, Tenn., a gathering for renowned plumbing pros.
Petr (Pavel Liska), a gentle schoolteacher from Prague who has grown weary of the city, takes a teaching position in a small country village, keeping his homosexuality under wraps. Settling into a quiet rural life, Petr begins tutoring Lada (Ladislav Sedivý), the 17-year-old son of his divorced neighbor, Maria (Zuzana Bydzovská). While Maria is drawn to Petr, the teacher finds himself struggling against his growing attraction to her young son, a desire he knows he must suppress.
Single mother Rosario (Kate del Castillo) leaves her young son Carlitos (Adrian Alonso) in the care of his grandmother and illegally crosses the border into the U.S. Though she hopes to eventually make a better life for herself and her son, she toils in a dead-end job as a cleaning lady in Los Angeles. When Carlitos' grandmother passes away some years later, the boy begins a difficult and dangerous journey to join her.
Robert Redford narrates this environmentally conscious documentary, which offers a rafting tour of the majestic Grand Canyon. Throughout the adventure, the filmmakers question the water consumption habits of contemporary Americans, while contrasting these current trends with the practices of the Native Americans who previously inhabited the Colorado River basin. The documentarians also explore ways in which Americans could develop a more harmonious relationship with their natural water sources.
This documentary chronicles the grand ambitions of rising matador David Fandila, also known as El Fandi, as he attempts to take his place in bullfighting history as the 13th matador to defeat 100 raging bulls within the course of a single season. While the bulls themselves often prove quite dangerous -- as evidenced by a graphic goring by the horns of a particularly testy opponent -- Fandila must also contend with equally enraged animal rights activists and the shadow of a worried mother.
Struggling musician Peter Bretter (Jason Segel) is better-known as the boyfriend of TV star Sarah Marshall (Kristen Bell). After she unceremoniously dumps him, he feels lost and alone but makes a last-ditch bid to get over it by going to Hawaii. However, she and her new boyfriend (Russell Brand) are there in the same hotel.
Micah (Wyatt Cenac), a passionate social activist, meets affluent professional Joanne (Tracey Heggins) at a party. After getting drunk together, they have a one-night stand. The morning after begins uncomfortably, but eventually romantic feelings develop between Micah and Joanne. As they converse more deeply, they realize they are separated by an array of political and philosophical differences and must decide if these factors are more important than their budding relationship.
It's 1939 and governess Guinevere Pettigrew finds herself out of work and on the bread line. Middle-aged and running out of options, Miss Pettigrew takes an uncharacteristic gamble when, after being refused work at an employment agency,she steals the details of a juicy assignment and pursues the job herself.
Several artists try to make modern art more popular in Los Angeles.
Filmmaker Peter Bogdanovich tells the story of the legendary rock band and its front man using interviews and concert footage.
Animated elephant Horton (Jim Carrey) finds a speck of dust floating in the Jungle of Nool. Upon investigation of the speck, Horton discovers the tiny city of Who-ville and its residents, the Whos, which he can hear but cannot see. Horton forms a friendship with the mayor of Who-ville, Ned McDodd (Steve Carell), and promises to transport Who-ville to safety. However, Horton encounters opposition from his jungle neighbors, who don't want to believe in the existence of Who-ville.
This documentary details the lives of Patti Quigley and Susan Retik, two Boston women who were both pregnant when they lost their husbands in the 9/11 attacks. Realizing that terrorism has many causes and victims, the two women start working on a benefit bicycle marathon, from Boston to Ground Zero, to aid Afghan widows. The success of this event convinces the women to make a trip to Afghanistan, where they witness firsthand the impoverished villages they are trying to help improve.
Real estate developer Tom Bradley has a dream: to build a subdivision. But the realization of that dream in Austin, Texas, has results far beyond his own imagining. Bradley's enormous development becomes a rallying call for environmentalists, who fear it will taint the aquifer Barton Springs. Opposition to the project, in turn, is used by conservatives to muster support for the dismantling of environmental protections and, ultimately, the election of George W. Bush as governor.
Comedians celebrate the long career of the comic.
Self-reformed petty criminal Terry Leather (Jason Statham) has become a financially struggling car dealer and settled into a pedestrian London life with his wife and kids, but takes the plunge into big crime when his ex-girlfriend, Martine (Saffron Burrows), turns up with an offer to pull off a lucrative bank heist. After Terry assembles his crew of misfits and begins the operation, he finds that there are other agendas at play, and powerful players who have designs on the vault's contents.
In February 2005, New York City's Central Park was adorned with 7,503 gates made from steel frames and a saffron-colored nylon fabric. This documentary chronicles the work that went into the controversial, once-in-a-lifetime installation by world-renowned artist Christo and his wife, Jeanne-Claude. The pair must overcome various municipal and political hurdles. Once completed, the installation elicits a full range of reactions from the city's celebrities and non-famous residents.
Epic romance, set in 16th-century India, about the love story between Jalaluddin Mohammad Akbar, the Mughal Emperor of Hindustan, and Rajput princess Jodhaa. In order to extend his empire, Akbar agrees to a marriage of alliance to young and fiery Jodhaa but soon realizes he has to defend his choice of bride as his courtiers voice their displeasure at the idea of their Muslim Emperor marrying a Hindu.
In the slums of Campania, the Camorra crime syndicate has created a fortune out of cocaine, corruption and chemical waste. Some try to fight back, like teens Ciro (Ciro Petrone) and Marco (Marco Macor), who decide to steal a Camorra weapons cache in a bid to take control themselves. Others try to hide, like Pasquale (Salvatore Cantalupo), a tailor trying to get around paying protection fees. But the realization sets in: The Camorra is too large, too deeply embedded in Italy to be fought.
Multitalented musician Arthur Russell leaves Iowa, follows Allen Ginsberg from San Francisco to New York and launches a career that reaches its heyday in the 1980s.
The Indian tale of Ramayana is set to jazz music.
David Kepesh (Ben Kingsley), a renowned professor, has no interest in monogamy. Instead, he prefers to dabble in lustful flings with women. When he meets Consuela Castillo (Penélope Cruz), a student in her 20s, he is intensely attracted to her. Though his trusted friend George (Dennis Hopper) warns him not to become overly attached to the much younger Consuela, David begins to feel that his relationship with the student may become serious. However, his personal reservations may doom the affair.
Thomas struggles with having an autistic brother.
Juan (Diego Cataño) is a Mexican teen on a mission to repair his wrecked car, which was a gift from his father. Attempting to recover from a loss in his family, Juan wanders the streets of his town, encountering various characters, including martial-arts enthusiast and mechanic David (Juan Carlos Lara II) and Don Heber (Héctor Herrera), an elderly auto-shop owner. Slowly, the determined Juan gets closer to having his car fixed, but not before spending time with his eccentric new friends.
American soldiers train in a mock Iraqi village in California's Mojave Desert.
A French postman's assignment is in the north instead of the coveted Cote d'Azur.
Pierre (Romain Duris), a dancer in Paris, is forced to stop performing after he is diagnosed with a severe heart condition. His sister, Élise (Juliette Binoche), despite conflicts at work, moves in with Pierre to take care of him. Together they reflect on their pasts and on the nature of love, but it's the diverse cast of Parisian characters they interact with, people with complicated stories of their own, who end up providing the most insight into the siblings' lives.
Recruited French servicewomen rescue a British geologist and kill a German colonel in World War II.
Filmmaker Martin Scorsese documents the Rolling Stones' energetic performance at New York's Beacon Theatre. The concert, filmed in 2006, features Stones standards and favorites, plus guest appearances by Buddy Guy, Christina Aguilera and Jack White III. Scorsese takes note of the band's long career with music clips and interviews from previous decades.
A gangster's autistic daughter (Jeeja Vismistananda) uses her amazing martial arts skills to collect on debts owed to her mother.
Filmmaker Margarita Jimeno examines Gogol Bordello, a band that fuses Gypsy music with punk rock.
A cop investigates the disappearance of several call girls he pimps out.
This concert film documents a 2007 tour by Miley Cyrus, star of the tween sitcom "Hannah Montana." In keeping with the conceit of the sitcom, in which average teenage girl Miley Stewart has a secret identity as million-selling pop star Hannah Montana, Cyrus performs two sets in the film, one as Hannah and one as herself. Opening act the Jonas Brothers, choreographer Kenny Ortega and Miley's father, 1990s country star Billy Ray Cyrus, appear in backstage scenes.
A beauty salon in Beirut is a safe haven for five women in this Lebanese romantic comedy. Shop owner Layale (Nadine Labaki) consults her employees about a problematic affair, stylist Rima (Joanna Markouzel) does not know how to handle her attraction to a female client, and seamstress Rose abandons her own ambitions to care for her family. With the support of their friends in their familiar salon, the women search for the answers to questions of life, love and happiness.
Of the three Grace children, Jared (Freddie Highmore) has always been thought of as the troublemaker. So when strange things happen after his family's move to a relative's dilapidated estate, sister Mallory (Sarah Bolger), twin brother Simon and their mother assume that Jared is behind it all. However, magical creatures roam the grounds, and they all want a special book that Jared has found: a field guide to fantastic creatures, penned by Arthur Spiderwick.
When Oskar (Kåre Hedebrant), a sensitive, bullied 12-year-old boy living with his mother in suburban Sweden, meets his new neighbor, the mysterious and moody Eli (Lina Leandersson), they strike up a friendship. Initially reserved with each other, Oskar and Eli slowly form a close bond, but it soon becomes apparent that she is no ordinary young girl. Eventually, Eli shares her dark, macabre secret with Oskar, revealing her connection to a string of bloody local murders.
Runners, comprising three amateurs and two elite racers, train and compete in the Chicago Marathon.
Will Hayes (Ryan Reynolds), a thirtysomething Manhattanite, is in the middle of divorce proceedings when his young daughter (Abigail Breslin) asks him about his life before marriage, including how he met and fell in love with her mother. Will flashes back to 1992 and recounts his romances with three women, changing their names so that his daughter must guess which one became his wife.
Using actual footage from the event seamlessly mingled with new re-enactments, filmmaker James Marsh masterfully recreates high-wire daredevil Philippe Petit's 1974 stunt: performing acrobatics on a thin wire strung between the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center. Plotting his feat like a master cat burglar, Petit enlists the help of a motley group of friends as he calculates every detail, from acquiring building access to stringing up the wire, and manages to pull off an astounding crime.
Fourteen years into a life sentence, convict Frank Perry (Brian Cox) plans to escape from prison after learning his daughter nearly overdosed from heroin. With the help of fellow prisoners, Frank begins digging tunnels that will lead to the outside world. As Frank and his friends dig, he fends off Rizza (Damian Lewis), a fearsome gangster who runs the inside of the prison, and his brother, Tony (Steven Mackintosh), a junkie with designs on Frank's cellmate, Lacey (Dominic Cooper).
Like many young men in the Dominican Republic, 19-year-old Miguel "Sugar" Santos (Algenis Perez Soto) dreams of winning a slot on an American baseball team. Indeed, his talents as a pitcher eventually land him a slot on a single-A team in Iowa, but culture shock, racism and other curveballs threaten to turn Sugar's dream sour.
A sex strike in a village may ruin a couple's wedding night.
This stylized documentary uses journalist Hunter S. Thompson's own words, his home movies, interviews with his fans and critics and passionate narration by Johnny Depp to give some insight into the writer's process and edgy genius. Director Alex Gibney explores Thompson's life from the mid-1960s to the mid-1970s, when he was at the height of his creative powers. Gibney traces the beginnings of Thompson's gonzo journalism style and recounts his most infamous drug- and alcohol-induced exploits.
Interviews with scientists and activists examine the rapidly building crisis regarding the growing privatization of the world's dwindling fresh water supply.
An examination reveals conditions that have led to decades of gang violence among youth growing up in South Los Angeles.
A couple (Dorothy Vogel, Herbert Vogel) redefine what it means to be an art collector.
After a particularly difficult job, hit men Ray (Colin Farrell) and Ken (Brendan Gleeson) head to Belgium to hide out until things cool down. Ray hates the medieval city they land in, but Ken finds its beauty and peacefulness enchanting. Their experiences become increasingly surreal and possibly life-changing as they encounter tourists, locals, an American dwarf and a potential romance for Ray.
As a group of New Yorkers (Michael Stahl-David, Mike Vogel, Odette Yustman) enjoy a going-away party, little do they know that they will soon face the most terrifying night of their lives. A creature the size of a skyscraper descends upon the city, leaving death and destruction in its wake. Using a handheld video camera, the friends record their struggle to survive as New York crumbles around them.
This documentary, directed by Abby Epstein, examines the ways that the American health care system approaches childbirth. The traditional form of U.S. birth involves hospitals, drugs and obstetricians, while births in many other countries utilize midwives. Interviews with parents and medical experts explain the realities of maternity care. When Epstein discovers that she is pregnant herself, the discussion becomes less theoretical, as she must decide which form of birthing she will employ.
After the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, two young men lose their jobs at the Statue of Liberty.
Laura (Belén Rueda) has happy memories of her childhood in an orphanage. She convinces her husband to buy the place and help her convert it into a home for sick children. One day, her own adopted son, Simón (Roger Príncep), disappears. Simon is critically ill, and when he is still missing several months later, he is presumed dead. Grief-stricken Laura believes she hears spirits, who may or may not be trying to help her find the boy.
At the age of 67, Odd Horten (Baard Owe) is forced to retire from his longtime job as a train engineer. Having lived nearly his whole adult life in the shadow of the railyard, he finds it difficult to adjust to his new life. After a series of strange encounters that unsettle his mood even further, Odd Horten finally meets an elderly stranger who may just give him the courage to try something new.
Silver miner Daniel Plainview (Daniel Day-Lewis) leads a hardscrabble life with his son, H.W. (Dillon Freasier). When he hears about oil oozing from the ground near the Western town of Little Boston, Daniel takes his son on a mission to find their fortune. Daniel makes his lucky strike and becomes a self-made tycoon but, as his fortune grows, he deviates into moral bankruptcy.
Poet and professor Melvin B. Tolson (Denzel Washington) teaches at the predominately black Wiley College in 1935 Texas. He decides to start a debate team, something nearly unheard of at a black college. While at first he butts heads with the influential father (Forest Whitaker) of one of his best debators, eventually he is able to form a team of strong-minded, intelligent young students, and they become the first black debate team to challenge Harvard's prestigious debate champions.
Based on Satrapi's graphic novel about her life in pre and post-revolutionary Iran and then in Europe. The film traces Satrapi's growth from child to rebellious, punk-loving teenager in Iran. In the background are the growing tensions of the political climate in Iran in the 70s and 80s, with members of her liberal-leaning family detained and then executed, and the background of the disastrous Iran/Iraq war.
On the shore of Loch Ness, Scotland, Angus (Alex Etel) finds an unusual egg. When it hatches, it releases an unexpected surprise: a water horse, the legendary creature from Scottish mythology. While the boy tries to keep its existence hidden from his mother (Emily Watson), he and his new pet, Crusoe, quickly become inseparable. But as the water horse grows larger, eventually becoming the fabled Loch Ness monster, Angus must protect his friend from those who would want to do it harm.
Ishaan, a student who has dyslexia, cannot seem to get anything right at his boarding school. Soon, a new unconventional art teacher, Ram Shankar Nikumbh, helps him discover his hidden potential.
In the 1980s U.S.Rep. Charlie Wilson (Tom Hanks), Texas socialite Joanne Herring (Julia Roberts) and CIA agent Gust Avrakotos (Philip Seymour Hoffman) form an unlikely alliance to boost funding for Afghan freedom fighters in their war against invading Soviets. The trio's successful efforts to finance these covert operations contributes to the fall of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War.
Evil Judge Turpin (Alan Rickman) lusts for the beautiful wife of a London barber (Johnny Depp) and transports him to Australia for a crime he did not commit. Returning after 15 years and calling himself Sweeney Todd, the now-mad man vows revenge, applying his razor to unlucky customers and shuttling the bodies down to Mrs. Lovett (Helena Bonham Carter), who uses them in her meat-pie shop. Though many fall to his blade, he will not be satisfied until he slits Turpin's throat.
An account of the Haditha killings of 24 civilians.
Growing up in Kabul, Amir and Hassan are inseparable friends. As an adult living in California, Amir remains haunted by a childhood incident in which he betrayed Hassan's trust. When he learns that the Taliban has murdered Hassan and wife, Amir returns to his homeland to learn the fate of the couple's son.
Robert Neville (Will Smith), a brilliant scientist, is a survivor of a man-made plague that transforms humans into bloodthirsty mutants. He wanders alone through New York City, calling out for other possible survivors, and works on finding a cure for the plague using his own immune blood. Neville knows he is badly outnumbered and the odds are against him, and all the while, the infected wait for him to make a mistake that will deliver Neville into their hands.
This documentary chronicles the events in the Chinese capital city of Nanking following the Japanese invasion of 1937. Combining archival footage with interviews and cinematic recreations of historic events, the film follows German businessman John Rabe (Jürgen Prochnow), surgeon Bob Wilson (Woody Harrelson) and American missionary Minnie Vautrin (Mariel Hemingway) as they sacrifice their own safety to protect Chinese refugees from the marauding Japanese army.
After an old man tells him fantastic stories, a poor boy realizes his dreams.
Interwoven stories demonstrate that some traditions are best not forgotten as the residents (Anna Paquin, Brian Cox, Dylan Baker) of a small town face real ghosts and goblins on Halloween. Tales of terror reveal the consequences of extinguishing a Jack-o-Lantern before midnight and a grumpy hermit's encounter with a sinister trick-or-treater.
Between 1986 and 1991, the people of Estonia protested against their Soviet occupiers in large rallies. Although these protests were fundamentally peaceful, the Estonians used a weapon powerful enough to rattle an empire: song. Patriotic songs, to be precise, which the Soviets had outlawed in Estonia. Thousands upon thousands would assemble to sing in defiance. This documentary unveils the story of a population that stood up against their oppressors with nothing but their voices and their pride.
Stanley Phillips (John Cusack) receives the kind of news that every spouse of a soldier dreads: His wife, Grace, has been killed in Iraq. He has to find a way to break the news to his two young daughters, Heidi (Shélan O'Keefe) and Dawn (Gracie Bednarczyk), but cannot bring himself to do it. Stanley takes the girls on a road trip to Florida, all the while searching for the right time and place to tell them about their mother's fate.
The eight Egyptian musicians who comprise the Alexandria Ceremonial Police Orchestra arrive by mistake in a small town in Israel's Negev Desert. Their booking set for a different city, and with no transportation out of the town or any hotels to stay at, the band settles at a restaurant owned by Dina (Ronit Elkabetz), who offers them lodging. Overcoming ethnic barriers, the Egyptians find diversion and companionship with the Israelis through a pervading undercurrent of shared melancholy.
When precocious teen Juno MacGuff (Ellen Page) becomes pregnant, she chooses a failed rock star and his wife (Jennifer Garner) to adopt her unborn child. Complications occur when Mark, the prospective father, begins viewing Juno as more than just the mother of his future child, putting both his marriage and the adoption in jeopardy.
Alien invaders force Bender (John DiMaggio) the robot to travel back in time and steal great treasures.
For dance instructor Dia (Madhuri Dixit), New York City has been home for 11 years. But when she's told her guru in India is dying, she rushes back to Shamli to be by his side and finds that he has passed away, leaving behind an endangered legacy: the Ajanta Theater. This theater, where she learned to dance before emigrating, is in danger of being torn down by politicians, namely Raja Uday Singh (Kunal Kapoor). In an effort to save the theater, Dia must prepare a production in two months.
Documentarian Jessica Yu captures the lives of four disparate men who share a thread of commonality by evoking the dramatic structure of the Greek playwright Euripides. The group includes a German man who turned to terrorism; an abused son who became a bank robber; an evangelist claiming to be an "ex-gay" through religion; and a martial arts student who faced bullying in school. Each man, having experienced a troubled childhood, turns to his own method of therapy.
A frustrated office worker becomes a reluctant hero after saving a woman's life.
Jean-Dominique Bauby (Mathieu Amalric), editor-in-chief of French fashion bible Elle magazine, has a devastating stroke at age 43. The damage to his brain stem results in locked-in syndrome, with which he is almost completely paralyzed and only able to communicate by blinking an eye. Bauby painstakingly dictates his memoir via the only means of expression left to him.
Wendy Savage (Laura Linney), a struggling playwright, has little to do with her brother, Jon (Philip Seymour Hoffman), a college professor and author. However, the siblings must find a way to work together when their father, Lenny (Philip Bosco), slides into senility and must be placed in a nursing home.
A complex relationship develops between Leonard (Frank Langella), an academic novelist of advancing years, and Heather (Lauren Ambrose), a determined, fresh-faced graduate student doing her master's thesis on Leonard's career. Leonard keeps everyone at an emotional distance, including his devoted daughter, Ariel (Lili Taylor), and her unsettled boyfriend, Casey (Adrian Lester). Heather's attention, although motivated by selfish interests, forces Leonard to reexamine his life.
A reporter (Manuela Velasco) and her cameraman record the horrifying outbreak of a disease that turns humans into vicious cannibals.
Several actors portray legendary singer-songwriter Bob Dylan at different stages in his personal life and career. In 1959 a guitar-strumming youth (Marcus Carl Franklin) rides the rails, calling himself "Guthrie." Then a man named Jack (Christian Bale) emerges in New York's Greenwich Village, followed by "Robbie (Heath Ledger)," Jude (Cate Blanchett) and other personalities.
After a powerful storm damages their Maine home, David Drayton (Thomas Jane) and his young son head into town to gather food and supplies. Soon afterward, a thick fog rolls in and engulfs the town, trapping the Draytons and others in the grocery store. Terror mounts as deadly creatures reveal themselves outside, but that may be nothing compared to the threat within, where a zealot (Marcia Gay Harden) calls for a sacrifice.
While out hunting, Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) finds the grisly aftermath of a drug deal. Though he knows better, he cannot resist the cash left behind and takes it with him. The hunter becomes the hunted when a merciless killer named Chigurh (Javier Bardem) picks up his trail. Also looking for Moss is Sheriff Bell (Tommy Lee Jones), an aging lawman who reflects on a changing world and a dark secret of his own, as he tries to find and protect Moss.
Banished by an evil queen, Princess Giselle (Amy Adams) from a fairy-tale world lands in modern Manhattan, where music, magic and "happily ever after" are sorely lacking. She is adrift in this strange new place until a divorce lawyer (Patrick Dempsey) comes to her aid. Giselle begins to fall for her flawed benefactor, but the storybook romance gets complicated when a prince from her world comes to rescue her.
Two actors are reincarnated after a fire destroys their studio.
A Hollander shares barracks with both his wife and his mistress in a Nazi concentration camp during World War II.
An American artifacts dealer tries to free a 12-year-old girl from her sexual enslavement in Cambodia.
Individuals from all walks of life -- movie stars, activists, politicians and others -- campaign to raise public awareness about the situation in Sudan's Darfur region and the urgent need for collective action. Through steps both small and large, these individuals do what they can to halt the genocide and generate sufficient humanitarian aid for the millions who face severe oppression. This crisis, they argue, does not belong just to the inhabitants of Sudan, but to all citizens of the earth.
Director Jeffrey Schwarz delves into the life and career of William Castle, a producer of horror films who had a natural talent for creating attention-grabbing -- and seat-filling -- gimmicks to promote his various projects in his 1950s heyday. Some particular gimmicks of note include a flying skeleton and life insurance policies. Conducting interviews with the likes of John Waters, John Landis and more, Schwarz gains insights from not only other filmmakers, but from Castle's fans as well.
Making a piano is no easy task, and making one by hand is even harder. Documentary filmmaker Ben Niles spends over a year charting the process by which Steinway & Sons, the most prestigious name in the industry, manufactures one of its concert grand pianos. Between the initial search for wood in Alaska and the piano's ultimate arrival at Steinway's showroom in New York City, a team of 450 dedicated craftspeople labors to build and assemble the L1037's 12,000 parts.
Frank Lucas (Denzel Washington) earns his living as a chauffeur to one of Harlem's leading mobsters. After his boss dies, Frank uses his own ingenuity and strict business code to become one of the inner city's most powerful crime bosses. Meanwhile, veteran cop Richie Roberts (Russell Crowe) senses a change in the mob's power structure and looks for ways to bring his opponent to justice.
Julien Temple's film is a fitting tribute to one of Britain's most influential and best-loved musicians, best known as the front man of The Clash, who mellowed in later life into fronting his new band, the Mescaleros. Temple's advantage is that as a chronicler of punk from its earliest days, he could call on his own archive footage as well as that shot by others over the years.
Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman), a debt-ridden broker, needs some quick cash. He ropes his younger brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke), into a scheme to commit the perfect crime: to rob their parents' (Albert Finney, Rosemary Harris) jewelry store. The scheme goes horribly awry, and the family patriarch takes justice into his own hands, unaware that the criminals he is hunting are his own sons.
Rembrandt van Rijn's professional and romantic life.
Filmmaker Matthew Ogens documents the lives of four street performers in Hollywood.
This epic documentary reveals the legendary rock band The Who in unrivaled detail. Spanning four decades of their explosive and innovative rock music, the film includes rare and never-before-seen concert and archive footage from the group's humble beginnings to their meteoric rise to world stardom. This in-depth narrative offers extensive interviews with each member of the band as well as testimonials from other rock music icons about the influence of The Who on their own music and careers.
Elsa (Margherita Buy) and Michele (Antonio Albanese) live a life of upper-middle-class luxury; she studies art restoration in her spare time, and he is a founding partner in a successful shipping firm. Their daughter, Alice (Alba Rohrwacher), is showered with gifts. But when Michele is forced out of the company, the couple's faith and commitment to each another is put to the test. Elsa looks for work to support the family, while Michele grows depressed over the family's dwindling prospects.
Filmmaker Jonathan Demme trails former President Jimmy Carter on the promotional tour for his 2006 book "Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid." From small towns to network talk shows, Carter offers his views on the Middle East peace process while contending with a media machine that frequently distorts those views. While critics condemn his comparison of the situation in Palestine to the apartheid of South Africa, Carter responds to their barbs with beguiling equanimity and customary thoughtfulness.
A former sailor has the ability to heal.
Estranged brothers Francis (Owen Wilson), Peter (Adrien Brody) and Jack (Jason Schwartzman) reunite for a train trip across India. The siblings have not spoken in over a year, ever since their father passed away. Francis is recovering from a motorcycle accident, Peter cannot cope with his wife's pregnancy, and Jack cannot get over his ex-lover. The brothers fall into old patterns of behavior as Francis reveals the real reason for the reunion: to visit their mother in a Himalayan convent.
Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a widower and advice columnist, meets a beautiful stranger (Juliette Binoche) in a bookstore and is instantly smitten. Unfortunately the woman, named Marie, is already involved with Dan's charismatic brother (Dane Cook). As a weekend family gathering gets underway, Dan and Marie try to hide their mutual attraction, but fall in love anyway.
Filmmaker Rick Ray poses philosophical questions to the Dalai Lama while visiting his East Indian monastery.
After her husband dies in an act of senseless violence, Audrey Burke (Halle Berry) is left alone with two young children and no idea how to cope. Nearly paralyzed by grief, Audrey tracks down her husband's childhood friend, Jerry (Benicio Del Toro). Jerry is a drug addict, but Audrey invites him to move into her home nevertheless, and a mutually dependent relationship develops between the two damaged souls.
Despondent after breaking up with his girlfriend, Zia (Patrick Fugit) kills himself and wakes up in a bland purgatory populated by other suicides. He takes a job at Kamikaze Pizza and befriends a Russian rocker named Eugene (Shea Whigham) while trying to make the best of a very dull afterlife. Learning that his ex-girlfriend has also killed herself, Zia embarks on a road trip with Eugene to find her, picking up a feisty hitchhiker (Shannyn Sossamon) along the way.
Along with his girlfriend (Michelle Monaghan), a private detective (Casey Affleck) takes on the difficult task of searching for a kidnapped girl in Boston. During his investigation, he must deal with the girl's aunt, a disapproving lawman (Morgan Freeman) and a drug dealer.
Christopher McCandless (Emile Hirsch), son of wealthy parents (Marcia Gay Harden, William Hurt), graduates from Emory University as a top student and athlete. However, instead of embarking on a prestigious and profitable career, he chooses to give his savings to charity, rid himself of his possessions, and set out on a journey to the Alaskan wilderness.
Filmmaker James Crump looks at the complex relationship between art curator Sam Wagstaff and photographer Robert Mapplethorpe, and their influence on the art world.
Former prosecutor Michael Clayton (George Clooney) works as a "fixer" at the corporate law firm of Kenner, Bach and Ledeen, and takes care of his employer's dirty work. Burned out and deep in debt, he is bound tightly to the firm. Clayton faces the biggest challenge of his career when a guilt-ridden attorney (Tom Wilkinson) has a breakdown during a huge class-action lawsuit.
Extremely shy Lars (Ryan Gosling) finds it impossible to make friends or socialize. His brother (Paul Schneider) and sister-in-law (Emily Mortimer) worry about him, so when he announces that he has a girlfriend he met on the Internet, they are overjoyed. But Lars' new lady is a life-size plastic woman. On the advice of a doctor (Patricia Clarkson), his family and the rest of the community go along with his delusion.
Backed by siblings Kid (Barlow Jacobs) and Boy (Douglas Ligon), Son Hayes (Michael Shannon) tells the attendees at his father's funeral that he and his brothers hated the dead man, then spits on his grave. This triggers a battle with the siblings' half brothers, which soon leaves Kid dead and Son seriously hurt. As the half brothers stockpile weapons for what they assume will be a deadly encounter, Boy visits them and suggests an end to the fighting.
Two recent college graduates travel to Iowa to investigate the role that corn plays in an increasingly complicated and dysfunctional American food industry. After planting their own small crop of corn and tracing its journey through the industry, they are alarmed to discover that corn figures in almost everything Americans eat. The consequences of this are examined through interviews with various experts and industry insiders, providing a balanced look at this American agricultural issue.
In a small coastal town, contractor John Marino (Joe Pantoliano) struggles to understand his wife, Mary (Marcia Gay Harden), when she starts behaving strangely. After a doctor's visit, they discover she has schizophrenia. Nothing the doctors do helps, however, so John must live with his wife's incurable mental illness, while also helping their confused child Chris (Devon Gearhart) make sense of it. But as Mary's mental state declines, John finds an unexpected source of comfort in his son.
The nightmarish life of Steve Kurtz, who is awaiting trial on bioterrorism charges.
Infamous and unpredictable, Jesse James (Brad Pitt), nicknamed the fastest gun in the west, plans his next big heist while he launches pre-emptive strikes against those looking to collect the reward the law has placed on his head. Jesse's newest recruits, Robert (Casey Affleck) and Charley Ford (Sam Rockwell), grow increasingly jealous of the outlaw. When they sense an opportunity to kill Jesse, they gun him down, but their actions backfire when Jesse's fame is elevated to near mythical status.
After watching her dad paint, 4-year-old Marla Olmstead decides she'd like to be a painter too. Showing remarkable facility, she's soon got paintings hanging in a local coffee shop and a handful of interested buyers. A local paper picks up the story, followed by the New York Times, and overnight Marla is hailed as a child prodigy. But not everybody is convinced that Marla painted the works alone. In the wake of a "60 Minutes" piece about her, it begins to look more and more like she had help.
Six Californians (Maria Bello, Amy Brenneman, Emily Blunt) form a book club devoted to studying the works of the 19th-century author. As each deals with life's assorted challenges, she or he finds unexpected similarities and wisdom within the pages of Austen's witty prose.
Delving into values of the religious right and the accompanying homophobia, "For the Bible Tells Me So" focuses on how conservative Christians' interpretation of the Bible is commonly used as a way to deny homosexuals equal rights. Following five families with an openly gay son or daughter, director Daniel G. Karslake offers a firsthand look at how those in the Christian community with an out child are affected by the homophobic fervor. Karslake also interviews a number of religious leaders.
An unflinching documentary shot in black and white, this film focuses on the heated topic of abortion. Directed by British-born filmmaker Tony Kaye, the production depicts the heated ongoing abortion debate in America, and features graphic footage of actual medical procedures. Presenting people on both pro-choice and pro-life sides of the issue, the documentary includes interviews with philosopher and political activist Noam Chomsky, anti-abortion activist Randall Terry and numerous others.
A teen (Blythe Auffarth) suffers horrible abuse at the hands of her caretaker (Blanche Baker), who also encourages the neighborhood boys to torment the girl.
Documentary filmmaker A.J. Schnack created this impressionistic tribute to Nirvana front man Kurt Cobain, who committed suicide in 1994 at the age of 27, during the height of his fame. His source material comes from hours of recorded interviews with Cobain that music journalist Michael Azerrad conducted for his 1993 book "Come As You Are: The Story of Nirvana," which Schnack combines with wordless visuals exploring the three cities Cobain called home: Aberdeen, Olympia and Seattle, Washington.
This documentary examine China's rapidly changing economy by focusing on the construction of the Three Gorges Dam. For the government, the dam stands as a symbol of progress; but it displaces hundreds of families during its creation. Following local teenagers Chen Bo Yu and Yu Shi, who work on one of the Western cruise lines that sails up the Yangtze near the dam, the film details the friction in Chinese society as its citizens struggle with the realities of its new consumer capitalism.
Charlie (Michael Douglas) gets released from an insane asylum and moves in with Miranda (Evan Rachel Wood), the young daughter he left behind. Charlie believes that there is treasure hidden beneath the local Costco, so he puts together a plan to unearth the loot. By convincing Miranda to quit her job at McDonald's and instead work at the wholesale store, he is able to obtain a key. Although Miranda is skeptical, she helps her father with his irrational quest.
American call-center manager Todd (Josh Hamilton) is shocked to learn that his company is shutting down and moving its operations to India. He is told that he will be heading the transition team and training his counterpart in Mumbai -- a task he dreads. While initially baffled by Indian culture, Josh eventually begins to get along with his new coworkers, and, with the help of female staffer Asha (Ayesha Dharker), he learns to appreciate his new surroundings.
Arguing that sharks are misunderstood as dangerous creatures, biologist Rob Stewart travels to the Galapagos Islands, Costa Rica and other places where the animals can be found. Underwater, he feeds sharks to demonstrate their fundamentally nonviolent nature. With 90 percent of the shark population destroyed by indiscriminate hunting, Stewart joins forces with conservationist Paul Watson to fight poachers who illegally kill the animals for their fins and sell the meat to the Taiwanese Mafia.
A police detective (Charlize Theron) helps a retired Army sergeant (Tommy Lee Jones) search for his son, a soldier who went missing soon after returning from Iraq. Hank Deerfield, a Vietnam War veteran, learns that his son may have met with foul play after a night on the town with members of his platoon.
During World War II a secret agent (Tang Wei) must seduce, then assassinate an official (Tony Leung Chiu Wai) who works for the Japanese puppet government in Shanghai. Her mission becomes clouded when she finds herself falling in love with the man she is assigned to kill.
Ethereal post-rock pioneers Sigur Rós play a string of impromptu gigs in their native Iceland after finishing a world tour in 2006. As they travel through the country, the band visits a wide variety of venues, from a large outdoor festival to a coffee shop. Footage of the atmospheric performances are intercut with images of Iceland's breathtaking natural landscape and candid interviews with members of the band as they muse on music, travel and the rejuvenating power of returning home.
An autistic teenager (Greg Timmermans) dives deeper into the world of online gaming after cruel classmates humiliate him.
Nikolai (Viggo Mortensen), who is both ruthless and mysterious, has ties to one of the most dangerous crime families in London. He crosses paths with Anna (Naomi Watts), a midwife who has come across potentially damaging evidence against the family, which forces him to set in motion a plan of deceit, death and retribution.
In 1961, NASA started its Apollo program to realize President John F. Kennedy's dream of putting a man on the moon. This documentary retells the story of the program's mission through archival footage and interviews with all the surviving astronauts, except Neil Armstrong. With the U.S. racing to beat the Soviet Union into space, NASA began a series of test flights, culminating in Armstrong's 1969 walk on the moon and briefly uniting the world in awe of the United States' accomplishment.
Nacho Vigalondo's time-travel thriller opens with Hector spying on a beautiful woman undressing in the woods near his property. Investigating, he finds her assaulted and he in turn is attacked by a man whose head is swathed in bandages. Fleeing, Hector encounters a scientific facility where a scientist persuades him to hide in a time machine. Traveling back in time just a few hours, he observes himself.
In addition to being some of the worst war criminals in history, Hitler and the Nazi regime were also among the most prolific art thieves. During World War II, the Third Reich ordered the destruction of thousands of pieces of art from "inferior" cultures and the theft of thousands more. This documentary explores the effects of the cultural destruction perpetrated by the Nazis across Europe, and examines the ongoing struggle to recover and return the stolen art.
Marion Cloete and her family devote their lives to helping South African children orphaned by AIDS and violence.
Their latest procurement brings two elderly junk collectors into contact with an obsessive knitter.
A documentary gives a candid perspective of prostitution and sex slavery in New York City. Centering on former-prostitute-turned-activist Rachel Lloyd and her support center, Girls Educational and Mentoring Services, the film gives in-depth access to the sad and shocking process of luring girls -- some as young as 13 -- into the degradation. As Lloyd struggles to save the girls -- and rehabilitate those who have fallen victim -- a tragic yet hopeful story unfolds.
Like the protagonist of his classic film "Spartacus," leftist screenwriter Dalton Trumbo has a rebellious streak. During the McCarthy era, Trumbo refuses to cooperate with the House Un-American Activities Committee and is sentenced to 11 months in prison. Blacklisted in Hollywood, Trumbo resorts to writing scripts under a pseudonym. The film uses archival footage, interviews and actors reading Trumbo's brilliant letters and scripts to construct a portrait of an uncompromising artist.
A man realizes that what a woman is on the inside is more important than how she looks.
Freed after a lengthy term in a juvenile detention center, convicted child killer Jack Burridge (Andrew Garfield) finds work as a deliveryman and begins dating co-worker Michelle (Katie Lyons). While out on the road one day, the young Englishman notices a distressed child, and, after reuniting the girl with her family, becomes a local celebrity. But, when a local newspaper unearths his past, Jack must cope with the anger of citizens who fear for the safety of their children.
In the late 1990s, the traveling Wehrmacht exhibition indicated that ordinary German soldiers were in fact culpable for widespread atrocities. This documentary catalogs the German people's reactions to the exhibit, including Wehrmacht veterans, neo-Nazis, historians, sociologists, writers and many others. Hundreds of voices weave together to discuss and debate the country's collective guilt about what its population allowed during some of modern history's darkest hours.
Outlaw Ben Wade (Russell Crowe) terrorizes 1800s Arizona, especially the Southern Railroad, until he is finally captured. Wade must be brought to trial, so Dan Evans (Christian Bale), the owner of a drought-stricken ranch, volunteers to escort him to the train. Along the trail, a grudging respect forms between the men, but danger looms at every turn, and the criminal's men are in pursuit.
After saving a newborn infant from assassins, carrot-crunching gunman Mr. Smith (Clive Owen) teams up with a prostitute named DQ (Monica Bellucci) to protect the baby from further attacks. With hit man Hertz (Paul Giamatti) hot on their trail, Smith and DQ uncover a dying senator's plot to harvest bone marrow from babies just like the one in their arms.
This sweeping English drama, based on the book by Ian McEwan, follows the lives of young lovers Cecilia Tallis (Keira Knightley) and Robbie Turner (James McAvoy). When the couple are torn apart by a lie constructed by Cecilia's jealous younger sister, Briony (Saoirse Ronan), all three of them must deal with the consequences. Robbie is the hardest hit, since Briony's deception results in his imprisonment, but hope for Cecilia and her beau increases when their paths cross during World War II.
Canadian filmmaker Guy Maddin conducts a personal tour of Winnipeg, Manitoba, the town where he grew up and still lives, in a film he calls a "docu-fantasia." By combining archival footage and interviews, dreamlike camera work and recreated scenes -- including several with actress Ann Savage playing the part of Maddin's mother -- the filmmaker builds a portrait of Winnipeg that manages to be historical, intimate, surreal, entertaining and entirely his own.
Jurors (Sergei Makovetsky, Sergey Garmash, Aleksei Petrenko) from a fragmented Russian society must decide the fate of a Chechen teenager on trial for killing his stepfather, a soldier in the Russian army. Among those who must somehow pass judgment are a taxi driver, an entertainer, a corporate executive and a subway worker.
As the shipyard where a Tunisian immigrant works is winding down, Slimane plans to us his redundancy to open a couscous restaurant, with the main dish cooked by his ex-wife Souad, who is renowned among family and friends for the quality of her food. His daughter Rym supports him and she uses her wiles to help him but he must also win over the local businessmen and bureaucrats to raise funds and gain planning permission.
A woman enters Lebanon in search of her sister and nephew.
Two brothers wage an ongoing battle to protect their decaying city from villains.
Forsaking a traditional home life, Dorian "Doc" Paskowitz and his wife raise their large brood in a 24-foot camper and spend their time surfing.
Acclaimed filmmaker Werner Herzog travels to Antarctica, where he finds a desolate, beautiful landscape, largely untouched by human hands, and a group of truly unique people who risk their lives to study it. Centered at McMurdo Station, the United States' largest Antarctic research center, Herzog explores the minds of the scientists willing to abandon civilization and endure volatile conditions to learn more about the continent's wildlife and awe-inspiring natural wonders.
Filmmaker Susan Dynner journeys into underground clubs, backyard parties and recording studios where punk rock music and culture thrive.
Childhood friends Ace (Douglas Silva) and Wallace (Darlan Cunha) are both approaching their 18th birthdays. Ace struggles to raise his son alone after the mother takes a job in Sao Paulo, while Wallace embarks on a search for his long-missing father (Rodrigo dos Santos), whom he eventually finds having just finished serving 15 years in prison. Newly discovered secrets about the past will test Ace and Wallace's friendship as they find themselves on opposite sides of a gang war.
Alejandro (Fernando Colunga) and Emilio (Miguel Varoni), two professional thieves, hatch the perfect plot to rob a TV infomercial king. They plan to plant their crew in their mark's everyday life as household staff, chauffeurs, gardeners and the like, where they will have access to high-security areas without attracting attention. When their regular crew pass on the job Alejandro and Emilio must use real immigrant laborers, who are completely honest and innocent of past wrongdoing.
Three actors (Ryan Reynolds, Hope Davis, Melissa McCarthy) tackle the principal roles in a trio of stories. In "The Prisoner," a publicist and a neighbor are the only links to the outside world for an actor under house arrest. "Reality Television" charts the production of a TV sitcom. In "Knowing," a video-game designer and his family are stranded in the forest after their car breaks down.
This poignant documentary presents the story behind the real-life romance between lauded writer Christopher Isherwood and his considerably younger partner, Don Bachardy. Not even 20 years old when he meets Isherwood, Bachardy becomes a respected artist, thanks, in part, to his lover's support. An openly gay couple during an era when homosexuals often remained closeted, Isherwood and Bachardy face plenty of challenges, but they see each other through hard times with commitment and love.
Jonas (Anders W. Berthelsen) has wearied of his conventional suburban life. But then he gets in a car accident with Julia (Rebecka Hemse), a beautiful young woman. Jonas ventures to the hospital to visit Julia, where her wealthy family mistakes him for her boyfriend, whom they've never met. Waking from a coma, an amnesic Julia believes that Jonas is her boyfriend as well. Seeking passion and adventure, Jonas assumes the boyfriend's identity, only to receive more than he bargained for.
Things are not going well for Erik Kernan (Josh Hartnett). Erik, a sports reporter, is stuck covering the bush leagues because his editor (Alan Alda) thinks he cannot cut it as writer. On top of that, his marriage is disintegrating. One night, he rescues a homeless man (Samuel L. Jackson) and discovers the guy is Battling Bob Satterfield, a former boxer rumored to be dead. Erik sees a chance to give his career a much-needed boost by writing the athlete's story.
Named "Video Game Player of the Century" in 1999, Billy Mitchell sets a record score in "Donkey Kong" that many felt would never be broken. In 2003 Steve Wiebe, who has recently lost his job, learns about the record, sets out to beat it and does. So both men embark on a cross-country battle for inclusion in the 2007 Guinness Book of World Records as the supreme king of the electronic game.
Chaos reigns when members of a dysfunctional family gather to bury a loved one. Son Daniel (Matthew MacFadyen) anticipates a face-off with his famous brother Robert (Rupert Graves), while cousin Martha (Daisy Donovan) and her fiance Simon (Alan Tudyk) are desperate to make a good impression on her father. In the midst of the family turmoil, a mystery guest threatens to bring the deceased's skeleton out of the closet.
During summer vacation, Troy (Zac Efron) gets a job at Sharpay's (Ashley Tisdale) resort but doesn't realize she has an ulterior motive for hiring him.
Nanu, a polar bear cub, and Seela, a young walrus, live and grow to maturity in the frozen wilderness of the North, where the tundra has been a haven to their kind for countless generations. Now Nanu, Seela and the rest of the Arctic's wildlife experience the diminishment of their environment, as global warming literally melts the ice beneath them.
The 11th hour is considered the final moment when change is possible. Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking and former CIA director R. James Woolsey along with more than 50 other scientists, scholars, and leaders discuss pressing issues facing today's world. Specialists reveal how human actions impact the Earth's ecosystems, and what can be done to reverse or slow the damage before it is too late to save the planet. Narrated by Leonardo DiCaprio.
High-school seniors Seth (Jonah Hill) and Evan (Michael Cera) have high hopes for a graduation party: The co-dependent teens plan to score booze and babes so they can become part of the in-crowd, but separation anxiety and two bored police officers (Bill Hader, Seth Rogen) complicate the pair's self-proclaimed mission.
High-school student Hal Hefner's (Reece Daniel Thompson) life is falling down around him. His parents have split, his brother picks on him incessantly, and he has a terrible stutter. Hal cannot believe it when Ginny Ryerson (Anna Kendrick), a pretty classmate, asks him to join their school's debate team. Falling head over heels in love with Ginny, he agrees to her request, with unexpected results.
To win the heart of his beloved (Sienna Miller), a young man named Tristan (Charlie Cox) ventures into the realm of fairies to retrieve a fallen star. What Tristan finds, however, is not a chunk of space rock, but a woman (Claire Danes) named Yvaine. Yvaine is in great danger, for the king's sons need her powers to secure the throne, and an evil witch (Michelle Pfeiffer) wants to use her to achieve eternal youth and beauty.
In this documentary, American Pfc. James Dresnok, on duty in Korea in 1962, walks across the border to the north and becomes one of four western defectors. Used as a propaganda tool by the communist government, Dresnok's motives are never political or made entirely clear. During a court martial by the U.S., Dresnok does little to defend his actions and remains in North Korea. Marrying a Romanian woman, then later a Korean with whom he has children, Dresnok finds an odd peace in his new country.
After failing to score the winning goal, Kabir Khan (Shah Rukh Khan), Captain of the Men's Hockey Team is blamed for the team's loss and fired. Years later he is given a chance to salvage his reputation, when he is offered the position as coach of the Women's Hockey Team. One of his star players, Vidya (Vidya Malvade), is forced to convince her tradition-minded parents that she should be allowed to play as the team prepares for a big tournament in Australia.
A European vacation was intended to repair the tattered relationship between American Jack (Adam Goldberg) and French native Marion (Julie Delpy). But, by the time they arrive in Paris to visit Marion's family, it is clear the trip is not going well. The city brings out aspects of Marion that only alienate neurotic Jack further, from her in-your-face politics to her former boyfriends, who surface in every cafe. Thus the most romantic city in the world could mean the end of the couple's romance.
Using extensive interviews with survivors and archival footage, an examination reveals the aftermath of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Lucas (Michaël Cohen) and Clementine (Olivia Bonamy) live in an isolated house near Bucharest. On one rainy night in their home, repeated telephone calls bring vague and distant voices, which eventually make them realize that a nightmare is beginning for them.
Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) continues his international quest to uncover his true identity. From Russia to Europe to northern Africa to the United States, he must stay one step ahead of those who would capture or kill him before he has a chance to discover the truth.
Francois (Daniel Auteuil), a Parisian antique dealer, has little time or desire for personal relationships. When his business partner (Julie Gayet) challenges him to prove that he has a friend, the buddy-less Francois tries to find one. When his pathetic attempts fail, he hires a cab driver (Dany Boon) to teach him how to make and keep a real pal.
During the Vietnam War, Dieter Dengler (Christian Bale), a U.S. fighter pilot, is shot down over Laos and taken captive by enemy soldiers. Interned in a POW camp, Dengler and his fellow prisoners (Steve Zahn, Jeremy Davies) endure torture, hunger and illness while they await their chance to escape.
This documentary film takes a critical look at the American invasion of Iraq in 2003 and the war that followed. The film includes extensive interviews with various military and government officials, many of whom worked under President George W. Bush during the beginning of the Iraq war. Filmmaker Charles Ferguson uses these first-hand accounts to suggest that the Bush administration, as well as the provisional government they instated in Iraq, have made crucial, irresponsible errors.
Shaun (Thomas Turgoose), who lost his father in the Falklands War, earns the respect of skinheads when he stand up to their teasing. He becomes part of the gang and enjoys hanging out with his new friends. Trouble starts with the return of Combo (Stephen Graham), a racist ex-convict. With the gang divided into two factions, Shaun sides with Combo and, unfortunately, finds in him a father figure.
In the not-too-distant future, Earth's dying sun spells the end for humanity. In a last-ditch effort to save the planet, a crew of eight men and women ventures into space with a device that could revive the star. However, an accident, a grave mistake and a distress beacon from a long-lost spaceship throw the crew and its desperate mission into a tailspin.
Outspoken ex-convict Ralph "Petey" Greene (Don Cheadle) talks his way onto the air at a white-owned radio station in 1960s Washington, D.C. Fueled by the new music and social upheaval of the times, he courts controversy while becoming the voice of the black movement.
In 17th-century France, playwright and actor Molière (Romain Duris) has his debts paid off by Monsieur Jourdain (Fabrice Luchini), freeing him from debtors prison. In return, Jourdain asks for acting lessons so he can win the heart of the beautiful widow Célimène (Ludivine Sagnier) by performing a short play for her. Presented to Jourdain's family as the priest Tartuffe, Molière begins to fall in love with Monsieur Jourdain's disregarded wife, Elmire (Laura Morante).
The combination of Homer (Dan Castellaneta), his new pet pig, and a leaky silo full of excrement triggers a disaster that threatens not just Springfield but the entire world. An angry mob descends on the Simpson home, splitting the family. With Earth's fate in the balance, Homer sets out on a quest for redemption in order to save the world and earn Marge's (Julie Kavner) forgiveness.
Patricia Douglas discusses the 1937 MGM scandal in which she and 100 other underage girls were tricked into attending a stag party, where she was raped.
In 1971, 28 antiwar activists, including five clergymen, raid a New Jersey draft board office, subsequently they are arrested on site in a government sting operation.
While serving with the African Union, former Marine Capt. Brian Steidle documents the brutal ethnic cleansing occuring in Darfur. Determined that the Western public should know about the atrocities he is witnessing, Steidle contacts New York Times reporter Nicholas Kristof, who publishes some of Steidle's photographic evidence.
In 1960s Baltimore, dance-loving teen Tracy Turnblad (Nikki Blonsky) auditions for a spot on "The Corny Collins Show" and wins. She becomes an overnight celebrity, a trendsetter in dance, fun and fashion. Perhaps her new status as a teen sensation is enough to topple Corny's reigning dance queen and bring racial integration to the show.
This documentary looks at the methods employed by animal rights activists, from the well-known People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) to smaller grassroots organizations. In addition to depicting various activists' media savvy and protests, the film also details outbreaks of violence by some of the movement's most militant elements. In response to some acts, in 2005 the FBI takes the controversial step of placing certain animal rights activists on its list of potential terrorists.
During the Argentine economic crisis of the early 2000s, Beba (Norma Aleandro), who was once wealthy, does not have enough money to pay her live-in maid, Dora (Norma Argentina). Without her husband's financial support, Beba sells cosmetics door-to-door and searches desperately for a way to pay her debts. But when Dora moves out of the apartment to live with her boyfriend after decades of service as a maid, Beba learns that friendship is invaluable.
Now in his fifth year at Hogwarts, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) learns that many in the wizarding community do not know the truth of his encounter with Lord Voldemort. Cornelius Fudge, minister of Magic, appoints his toady, Dolores Umbridge, as Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, for he fears that professor Dumbledore will take his job. But her teaching is deficient and her methods, cruel, so Harry prepares a group of students to defend the school against a rising tide of evil.
Filmmaker Taggart Siegel captures two turbulent decades in the life of John Peterson, an Illinois farmer who not only tends the land but also delves into writing and performance art. A man who would as soon work the fields in a feather boa as in a pair of jeans, Peterson rises out of the bankruptcy and depression plaguing Midwest farm communities in the 1980s and saves his livelihood through organic agriculture.
A group of senior citizens performs contemporary rock and pop songs.
From a very early age, Vitus (Teo Gheorghiu) showed signs of genius -- like reading encyclopedias in kindergarten -- and by age 5 had already mastered the piano. With well-intentioned but overbearing parents (Julika Jenkins, Urs Jucker) pressuring him to continue his music career, Vitus dreams of a normal childhood. With the help of his grandfather (Bruno Ganz), Vitus feigns an injury and gains wealth quickly in the stock market so he can take up flying.
Remy (Patton Oswalt), a resident of Paris, appreciates good food and has quite a sophisticated palate. He would love to become a chef so he can create and enjoy culinary masterpieces to his heart's delight. The only problem is, Remy is a rat. When he winds up in the sewer beneath one of Paris' finest restaurants, the rodent gourmet finds himself ideally placed to realize his dream.
Filmmaker Sara Lamm documents the life of Dr. Emanuel Bronner, eccentric inventor of a multipurpose liquid.
Filmmaker Michael Moore examines America's health-care crisis and why millions of citizens are without coverage. Moore spotlights the cases of several ordinary citizens whose lives have been shattered by bureaucratic red tape, refusal of payment, and other health-care catastrophes. He explains how the system has become so problematic, and he visits countries where citizens receive free health care, as in Canada, France and the U.K..
As the nation prepares to celebrate Independence Day, veteran cop John McClane (Bruce Willis) carries out another routine assignment: bringing in a computer hacker (Justin Long) for questioning. Meanwhile, a tech-savvy villain named Thomas Gabriel (Timothy Olyphant) launches an attack on America's computer infrastructure. As chaos descends around him, McClane must use old-fashioned methods to fight the high-tech threat.
Leslie (Lisa Kudrow) is left with few options when her husband is sent back to war in the Middle East. A modest amount of help arrives in the form of his brother, Salman (Scott Prendergast), who is less than prepared to care for the couple's two preadolescent boys. When Leslie still can't make ends meet on her own, Salman is forced to find employment, but, with minimal qualifications, his only option is to become a mascot for a digital company by donning a bulbous blue costume.
Author and former priest James Carroll explores his past and confronts religion's history of violence committed in the name of God.
Nora Wilder (Parker Posey), a single woman, is heading deep into the doldrums as a result of disappointments in her professional and personal lives. A series of disastrous dates convinces her that love will always elude her. At a co-worker's party, she meets Julien (Melvil Poupaud), a young man from Paris, who sweeps her off her feet and invites her to France with him. Nora refuses, then wonders if she has made the biggest mistake of her life.
Mariane Pearl (Angelina Jolie), the wife of journalist Daniel Pearl (Dan Futterman) of The Wall Street Journal, heads to Pakistan after terrorists capture her husband. In the terrifying weeks that follow, she must cope with international attention and find her way through the dangerous world of underground politics in a desperate effort to find him.
Mike Enslin (John Cusack) is a successful author who enjoys worldwide acclaim debunking supernatural phenomena -- before he checks into the Dolphin Hotel, that is. Ignoring the warnings of the hotel manager (Samuel L. Jackson), he learns the meaning of real terror when he spends the night in a reputedly haunted room.
An ordinary evening in a small Texas town becomes a grisly nightmare when a horde of flesh-eating zombies goes on the prowl. Cherry (Rose McGowan), a go-go dancer, and Wray (Freddy Rodriguez), her ex-lover, band together with other survivors in a no-holds barred effort to escape the carnage. The odds become a bit more even when Cherry, who lost her leg to a hungry ghoul, gets a machine-gun appendage and lets the bullets fly.
This documentary reveals the gritty underside of industrial landscapes. Photographer Edward Burtynsky explores the subtle beauty amid the waste generated by slag heaps, dumps and factories. Memorable scenes include a Chinese iron factory where employees are berated to produce faster, and shots of children playing atop piles of dangerous debris. The contrasts between wealth and poverty are most striking in Shanghai, with new high-rises towering above old slums.
A surfer (Trevor Wright) finds comfort from his problems in the arms of his best friend's older brother (Brad Rowe).
This documentary details the conviction and eventual exoneration of Darryl Hunt. Hunt, an African-American, was convicted in 1984 of the rape and murder of Deborah Sykes, a white newspaper editor in North Carolina. Maintaining his innocence throughout, Hunt is convicted due in large part to false testimony by a witness who was later found to have ties to the Ku Klux Klan. Even though DNA evidence in 1994 proved his innocence, the North Carolina legal system didn't release Hunt until 2004.
Combining footage from 1999 and 2001 tours, this documentary follows five different gypsy bands as they perform across America. Their music is as diverse as their home countries, from Indian raga tunes to upbeat, fiddle-driven Romanian pieces. Despite their varied backgrounds, the musicians are united by their common identification with the "roma" gypsy culture. As the tour progresses, the musicians begin playing together, fusing their styles into new hybrids.
Alex, a 15-year-old girl with both male and female sexual organs, begins to explore her sexuality. Her mother invites friends from Buenos Aires and their 16-year-old son Alvaro to visit them at their house on the gorgeous Uruguayan shore. Alex is immediately attracted to the young man, which adds yet another level of complexity to her personal search for identity and forces both families to face their worst fears.
An Israeli woman (Ania Bukstein) from a strict religious household falls in love with her classmate (Michal Shtamler) at a women's seminary.
A scissor-wielding psychopath (Béatrice Dalle) terrorizes a pregnant widow (Alysson Paradis) on Christmas Eve.
An elderly woman teaches piano to a young convict in a women's prison to transform her rage.
Danny Ocean (George Clooney) and his gang hatch an ambitious plot for revenge after ruthless casino owner Willy Bank (Al Pacino) double-crosses Reuben Tishkoff, Danny's friend and mentor. First, Ocean's gang plan to hit Bank in the paycheck by reversing the precept that the house always wins. Next, they will deal a crushing blow to Bank's ego by ruining his reputation as the only hotelier to earn the Royal Review's Five Diamond Award for each of his properties.
Surfing means everything to teenage penguin Cody Maverick (Shia LaBeouf). Followed by a documentary film crew, he leaves his home in Antarctica for Pen Gu Island, site of the the Big Z Memorial Surf Off. Cody wants to be respected and admired, and he believes that winning the competition will bring him what he craves. However, an encounter with washed-up surfer Geek (Jeff Bridges) teaches Cody about what is truly important.
On the anniversary of the overthrow of President Nicolae Ceausescu, Romanian talk show host Virgil Jderescu (Teo Corban) arranges a program dedicated to analyzing the town of Vaslui's role in the revolution. He recruits a strange cast of characters to answer questions, including Emanoil Piscoci (Mircea Andreescu) and Tiberiu Manescu (Ion Sapdaru). What they find, in a comedic examination of revolution, is that many Romanians question whether Vaslui had any role at all in the revolution.
Rising journalist Alison Scott (Katherine Heigl) hits a serious bump in the road after a one-night stand with irresponsible slacker Ben Stone (Seth Rogen) results in pregnancy. Rather than raise the baby on her own, she decides to give Ben a chance to prove he is father material. However, he is unsure if he is ready to be a parent, and both wonder if they would be compatible lifetime partners.
Walt (Tim Streeter) is a lonely convenience store clerk who has fallen in love with a Mexican migrant worker named Johnny (Doug Cooeyate). Though Walt has little in common with the ambivalent object of his affections -- including a shared language -- his desire to possess Johnny prompts a sexual awakening that results in taboo trysts and a tangled love triangle. This twisted tale of love gone wild is based on Walt Curtis' provocative autobiographical novel.
An elderly man (Jeon Sung-hwan) lives a quiet, monastic life on his fishing boat with a beautiful teenage girl (Han Yeo-reum) he has raised since taking her in as a small child. The pair plan to marry on her upcoming 17th birthday. The old man protects the girl from his leering fishing-trip customers with his treasured bow, a combination weapon and musical instrument. But one day a young man (Seo Ji-seok) appears, and for the first time, the girl imagines life away from the boat.
Albert Pierrepoint (Timothy Spall) finds great success as Britain's most famous public executioner, and his notoriety rises to a new level after he is selected to hang Nazi war criminals after the Nuremberg trials, but the experience changes him, and he begins to question the morality of his vocation at the same time that abolitionists begin a campaign to end hanging.
Filmmaker Rory Kennedy examines the abuse of inmates at an Iraqi prison.
Anton (Konstantin Khabensky), a member of a group of supernatural guardians who monitor the forces of the Dark, discovers that his own son is responsible for a series of murders. The Dark Side tries to get Anton out of the way, but his comrades in the Night Watch devise a way to protect him. However, a piece of enchanted chalk with the power to rewrite destiny is the key to a looming battle between Dark and Light.
Filmmaker Dan Klores examines the strange love affair of Burt Pugach and Linda Riss. Pugach is a successful attorney in 1950s New York when he meets much-younger Riss. The pair date, but Riss breaks off contact with Pugach upon learning his claims of divorce are false. Discovering that Riss was engaged to another man, Pugach hires some men to throw lye in her face, and he serves 14 years in prison for the crime.
A railway chief delays a shipment of weapons for NATO forces during the Kosovo War in 1999.
Elderly Aleksandra (Galina Vishnevskaya) visits her Russian soldier grandson, Denis (Vasily Shevtsov), at the Chechen war front, providing comfort as she tours his army base. While there, Aleksandra surprises everyone by climbing into an armored vehicle and brandishing a Kalashnikov rifle. Afterward, venturing outside, she meets a Chechen woman in town who bemoans the number of occupying troops, then has other adventures. All the while, Denis ponders the reason for her unexpected appearance.
Salvatore (Vincenzo Amato), a Sicilian villager, decides to leave his homeland and emigrate to America with his two sons, Angelo (Francesco Casisa) and Pietro (Filippo Pucillo). They and their fellow travelers (Charlotte Gainsbourg, Federica de Cola) face a challenging journey to what they believe is a land of milk and honey.
Confusion reigns when police officers storm the office of novelist Judith Ralitzer (Fanny Ardant) and drag her into the station for questioning. The officers point out disturbing similarities between Judith's popular mysteries and the crimes of an active serial killer known as "The Magician." Meanwhile, a young woman (Audrey Dana) abandoned by her fiancé, finds her family suddenly ensnared in the twisted web of intrigue surrounding a man who claims he is Ralitzer's ghostwriter.
After surviving the horrors of the Holocaust, architect Simon Wiesenthal dedicated the rest of his life to hunting down Nazis who escaped prosecution after the war. This documentary details his life and his work with the American War Crimes Unit, which tracked down more than 1,000 Nazi war criminals with his help. In interviews, various world leaders and Wiesenthal's friends discuss the motivations for his work, and how he manages to succeed even when facing seemingly insurmountable odds.
A switchman at a seaside railway witnesses a murder but does not report it after he finds a suitcase full of money at the scene of the crime.
Johan (Cornelio Wall), a married Mennonite who maintains a quiet, simplistic lifestyle in rural Mexico, experiences a moral dilemma as a result of his passionate -- and torturously public -- affair with Marianne (Maria Pankratz), a neighbor. As he goes through the ritualistic motions of his daily life in a bucolic landscape, he is forced to weigh his love for Marianne against the survival of his marriage, his family and his deeply felt religious beliefs.
A smuggler (César Troncoso) wants to provide a public toilet for the thousands who will gather for the pope's visit.
As teenage skateboarder Alex (Gabe Nevins) hops freight trains with a stranger named Scratch (Daniel Liu), a security guard spots them and tries to forcibly remove them. In the scuffle, Alex strikes the guard with his skateboard, knocking him in the direction of another train, which kills him. Alex tosses his board into the river, but soon he and other skaters are called in for questioning by Detective Lu about a recovered skateboard that has been linked to the scene of the crime.
Filmmaker Phil Grabsky examines the great composer's life and music.
Jacques Verges, a lawyer and former Free French Forces guerrilla, defends war criminals and those who deny the validity of the Holocaust.
A vacuum repairman (Glen Hansard) moonlights as a street musician and hopes for his big break. One day a Czech immigrant (Marketa Irglova), who earns a living selling flowers, approaches him with the news that she is also an aspiring singer-songwriter. The pair decide to collaborate, and the songs that they compose reflect the story of their blossoming love.
The courage and friendship of two Romanian college students is tested when Gabita (Laura Vasiliu) discovers that she is pregnant by her boyfriend (Alex Potocean), and seeks an illegal abortion with the help of her classmate Otilia (Anamaria Marinca). Enlisting the services of the shady Mr. Bebe (Vlad Ivanov), the two girls find themselves in extremely tense and uncomfortable situations and must rely on their mutual support to get them through the ordeal.
In 1970s England, troubled musician Ian Curtis (Sam Riley) rises to fame as lead singer of the band Joy Division. A husband and father, Curtis begins to feel the strain of his band's growing fortune, his crumbling marriage to wife Deborah (Samantha Morton) and his worsening epilepsy.
As a single mother in Paris, Suzanne (Juliette Binoche) struggles to spend enough time with her young son, Simon (Simon Iteanu), between her job voice-acting at puppet shows and handling a court case against her downstairs tenant (Hippolyte Girardot), who refuses to leave. As a result, Suzanne hires Song (Song Fang), a local university student, to watch Simon while she works and deals with the case. Together, Simon and Song create a vibrant world of imagination, where a red balloon follows them.
Six months after the original epidemic, the rage virus has all but annihilated the population of the British Isles. Nevertheless the U.S. Army declares the danger past, and American soldiers arrive to restore order and begin reconstruction. Refugees return to British soil, but one of them carries a deadly secret: The virus is not gone and is even more dangerous than before.
Filmmaker Gary Hustwit explores the proliferation of the typeface and how it affects our lives.
Like a hip-hop version of indie rock festivals such as Coachella, Rock the Bells (named for the LL Cool J old-school classic) is a yearly gathering of hip-hop stars. This documentary by filmmaker Denis Hennelly chronicles the buildup to the first Rock the Bells festival, held in San Bernardino, California, in 2004 and headlined by a reunited Wu-Tang Clan. This would prove to be their final concert with original member Ol' Dirty Bastard, who died only months after the festival.
A collection has 18 vignettes set in Paris. In "Bastille," a man (Sergio Castellitto) considers leaving his wife (Miranda Richardson) for his mistress (Leonor Watling). A cowboy (Willem Dafoe) rides at midnight to comfort a woman (Juliette Binoche) who lost her son in "Place des Victoires." In "Fauborg Saint-Denis," an American actress (Natalie Portman) wants to break off her romance with a blind student.
Jenna (Keri Russell) works in a diner in a small Southern town and is a genius at creating luscious desserts, but her marriage to an overbearing lout (Jeremy Sisto) makes happiness impossible. When she discovers she is pregnant, she makes plans to skip town before her condition is obvious. However, she begins an affair with the new town doctor (Nathan Fillion), who is the only one who knows her secret.
This documentary explores the life of jazz singer Anita O'Day. As a child, Anita had a tonsillectomy, during which her uvula was accidentally removed. The surgery prevents her from singing vibrato and holding long notes, but lends to her much-revered percussive style. Anita overcomes her vocal hurdle, as well as many others -- including poverty, heroin addiction and jail time for a drug arrest -- to become one of the most prolific and respected jazz vocalists of the 20th century.
Bob Dylan, Arlo Guthrie, Bruce Springsteen, Natalie Maines and other music luminaries discuss the life and career of the singer-activist.
This documentary explores the American military's use of torture by focusing on the unsolved murder of an Afhgani taxi driver who, in 2002, was taken for questioning at Bagram Force Air Base. Five days later, the man was dead. The medical examiner claimed the driver died from excessive physical abuse. Taking this case as a jumping-off point, the film examines wider claims of torture that occurred at bases like Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay during the Bush administration.
Frank Diaz (John Alberto Leguizamo), an unemployed boxer, and his family live in a homeless shelter for months when, on Christmas Eve, word comes that an apartment may be available. The catch is that Frank must have a job before the end of the day. So he hits the cold streets of New York, his resentful stepson (David Castro) in tow, to find a job so that his family can have a real home for Christmas morning.
On his 40th birthday, chronic underachiever Jerry Ferro (Adam Carolla) loses his carpentry job and his girlfriend. However, all is not lost; a famous boxing coach (Tom Quinn) spies him sparring at the local gym and offers him the chance to train for a spot on the U.S. Olympic boxing team.
An international competition in Germany highlights a look at the evolution and resurgence of break-dancing.
In the wake of his first successful stint at the helm of a Chinese crime syndicate, Lok (Simon Yam) proposes an unheard-of second term. But when government corruption stifles legitimate business interests of Jimmy Lee (Louis Koo) in Hong Kong, the reformed triad operative rises to oppose Lok and regresses into a life of crime. As the conflict erupts into all-out gangland war, the business-minded Lee becomes increasingly brutal in his desperation to secure a comfortable future for his family.
Willy Beachum (Ryan Gosling), a hotshot prosecutor, is about to leave his post for a lucrative job at a private law firm when his boss (David Strathairn) hands him a seemingly open-and-shut case. Ted Crawford (Anthony Hopkins) tried to kill his wife with a shot to the head and is defending himself in court. All hope for a quick and easy trial fly out the door when Ted proves to be a more cunning and devious adversary than Willy anticipates.
As a former London constable, Nicholas Angel (Simon Pegg) finds if difficult to adapt to his new assignment in the sleepy British village of Sandford. Not only does he miss the excitement of the big city, but he also has a well-meaning oaf (Nick Frost) for a partner. However, when a series of grisly accidents rocks Sandford, Nick smells something rotten in the idyllic village.
In 1956, geologist Marion King Hubbard proposed the peak oil theory: Once easily extractable oil reserves are depleted, demand will exceed supply and the natural-gas-dependent global economy will eventually collapse. This documentary argues that Hubbard was correct, drawing upon the testimony of a wide range of experts, concluding oil supplies will peak by 2020 and that alternative energy solutions will not be found quickly enough to provide a viable alternative.
Examining the lives and origins of private soldiers who operate in Iraq and around the world illustrates how they are changing the face of modern warfare.
During the 1990s, David Lee Hoffman travels across China to find the best hand-picked and hand-processed tea.
Ever since his father died, young Kale (Shia LaBeouf) has become increasingly sullen and withdrawn, until he finds himself under house arrest. With cabin fever setting in, he turns his attention to spying on his neighbors, becoming increasingly suspicious that one of them is a serial killer. However, he wonders if he is right, or if his overactive imagination is getting the better of him.
The lives of seven strangers collide at a singing contest.
Jackie (Kate Dickie) spends her days monitoring a series of surveillance cameras trained on a rough Glasgow neighborhood. She spots Clyde (Tony Curran), an ex-convict, on one of the screens, then becomes obsessed with him. When she devises a plan to meet and seduce him, the reason for her obsession becomes clear.
Stuntman Mike (Kurt Russell) is a professional body double who likes to take unsuspecting women for deadly drives in his free time. He has doctored his car for maximum impact; when Mike purposely causes wrecks, the bodies pile up while he walks away with barely a scratch. The insane Mike may be in over his head, though, when he targets a tough group of female friends, including real-life stuntwoman Zoe Bell (who served as Uma Thurman's double in "Kill Bill"), who plays herself.
After narrowly escaping death, young Rachel Rosenthal (Carice van Houten) becomes part of the Jewish resistance, assuming the name Ellis de Vries. Her superiors order her to seduce a Gestapo officer named Ludwig (Sebastian Koch). Ellis is successful in her mission but soon finds herself falling in love with her mortal enemy.
A documentary following architect Mike Reynolds and his environmentally conscious "Earthship" houses, this film explores his struggle with the New Mexico government to change building code laws. Reynolds is a crusader for sustainable living, building structures almost entirely from discarded materials, including tires and aluminum cans. His houses are extremely self-reliant on top of being virtually 100 percent recycled and have been embraced in third-world countries hit by natural disasters.
The lives of gays in the Deep South are explored in this documentary, which looks at two bars in rural Mississippi that cater to a homosexual clientele. "Rumors" is in all other ways a modest neighborhood hangout; "Crossroads" is an anything-goes establishment. Interviews with regular patrons portray both bars as islands of acceptance in an ocean of prejudice, exemplified by the derision of customers at nearby straight bars and the cutting homophobia of anti-gay preacher Fred Phelps.
Figure skaters Chazz Michael Michaels (Will Ferrell) and Jimmy MacElroy (Jon Heder) take their intense rivalry too far during the Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake City; both are banned from competition after a nasty brawl. After several years out of the public eye and hungry for glory, the men decide to set aside their feud and exploit a loophole that allows them to compete as a pair.
Chris (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a star athlete, has the world at his feet. Then a devastating car accident leaves him with brain damage and his bright future dimmed. He takes a job as a bank janitor and must write everything down in a small notepad in order to remember. Some former schoolmates lure Chris into their inner circle and rope him into helping them carry out a heist at the bank.
Boy genius Lewis gives up hope of retrieving his latest invention, which was stolen by Bowler Hat Guy, then a young time-traveler named Wilbur Robinson arrives on the scene to whisk Lewis away in his time machine. The boys spend a day in the future with Wilbur's eccentric family and uncover an amazing secret at the same time.
Martin (Pat Healy) is unemployed and living with his girlfriend (Rebecca Mader). He takes a job as a "producer" with the low-budget record label Great World of Sound, run by the smooth-talking Shank (John Baker). Martin and his partner, Clarence (Kene Holiday), travel around the south auditioning singers in what is essentially a scam to bilk money from marginally gifted dreamers. Martin must confront reality when he falls for Gloria (Tricia Paoluccio), a young woman with true talent.
Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti, two anarchists from Italy, become an unfortunate symbol of bigotry aimed at immigrants and dissenters in 1920s America. Accused of murder, the pair are convicted after a highly prejudicial and inflammatory trial, and are executed in 1927.
A man (Miki Manojlovic) offers an engineer (Nebojsa Glogovac) $30,000 to commit a murder, enough money to pay for surgery for the latter's son.
Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, still grieves over their deaths. He runs into his former college roommate, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two rekindle their friendship. Alan himself is feeling the strain of family and professional responsibilities, and his renewed bond with Charlie gives both men the strength to carry on during a turning point in their lives.
A new client (Patrick Bauchau) breaks down a male hustler's (Derek Magyar) emotional walls.
A young football player (Mike Reilly) faces mounting pressure.
Following a stint in jail, Adam (Ulrich Thomsen), a former neo-Nazi, is temporarily assigned to live in a religious enclave. The community is led by Ivan (Mads Mikkelsen), an eternally optimistic priest who immediately gets under the skin of the gruff Adam. In order to move forward with his rehabilitation, Adam must select a task, so he decides to bake an apple pie. However, his simple choice is complicated by Ivan's insistence that Adam use apples from a tree that is plagued by problems.
In 1920s Ireland young doctor Damien O'Donovan (Cillian Murphy) prepares to depart for a new job in a London hospital. As he says his goodbyes at a friend's farm, British Black and Tans arrive, and a young man is killed. Damien joins his brother Teddy (Padraic Delaney) in the Irish Republican Army, but political events are soon set in motion that tear the brothers apart.
Using archaeological discoveries and genetics data, researchers and explorers piece together clues from mummies to better understand the culture, religion, medicine and daily life of antiquity. Relics and bodies provide a window into the world of the pharaohs and -- by reconstructing the DNA -- scientists hope to better understand present-day genetics and to advance medical treatments.
Pierre Lavasseur (Daniel Auteuil), a wealthy tycoon, faces disaster when a paparazzo snaps a picture of him with his longtime mistress (Alice Taglioni). Since Pierre's wife (Kristin Scott Thomas) owns a majority share of their corporation, Pierre must avoid a divorce at all costs. At his lawyer's suggestion, Pierre hires Francois Pignon (Gad Elmaleh), a parking attendant who is also in the photograph, to pose as his lover's "real" boyfriend and thus hide the affair from his wife.
A Jewish and a Muslim woman meet and realize that they have a lot in common.
In 480 B.C. a state of war exists between Persia, led by King Xerxes (Rodrigo Santoro), and Greece. At the Battle of Thermopylae, Leonidas (Gerard Butler), king of the Greek city state of Sparta, leads his badly outnumbered warriors against the massive Persian army. Though certain death awaits the Spartans, their sacrifice inspires all of Greece to unite against their common enemy.
Using donations from his congregation, a Pentecostal clergyman transforms his church into a movie studio and begins making a religious science-fiction epic.
Careless American military personnel dump chemicals into South Korea's Han River. Several years later, a creature emerges from the tainted waters and sinks its ravenous jaws into local residents. When the creature abducts their daughter (Ah-sung Ko), a vendor (Song Kang-ho) and his family decide that they are the only ones who can save her.
Angry that outsiders are depleting the locals' traps, a Maine lobsterman (Thomas Hildreth) takes matters into his own hands.
Hired as a temporary coach for a high-school girls basketball team, Clay Driscoll (Jeffrey Donovan) instills pride in his players and takes aim at the state championships. Clay and his team face an unexpected obstacle when a powerful rancher (Bruce Dern) steps in the way of their dream.
A man who refuses to accept old age is empty of love, meaning and value.
A teenage girl tries to use her newfound ability to travel through time to her advantage.
In the late 1960s and 1970s, fear grips the city of San Francisco as a serial killer called Zodiac stalks its residents. Investigators (Mark Ruffalo, Anthony Edwards) and reporters (Jake Gyllenhaal, Robert Downey Jr.) become obsessed with learning the killer's identity and bringing him to justice. Meanwhile, Zodiac claims victim after victim and taunts the authorities with cryptic messages, cyphers and menacing phone calls.
During World War II, North African troops encounter bigotry and unfair treatment from their French comrades-in-arms, despite the fact that they bravely fight for a country they have never seen. Some, like Abdelkader (Sami Bouajila), believe that fighting for France is the only way to achieve equality, but Martinez hides his Arab ancestry and treats his men poorly.
After her lover (Justin Timberlake) leaves to serve in the military, Rae (Christina Ricci) gives in to her raging libido and leaps into a life of wild abandon. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson), a troubled bluesman, finds Rae beaten and left for dead. He takes her in and holds her captive in an attempt to help her find a cure for her affliction.
Sixteen years after making his initial request, filmmaker Philip Gröning travels to the Grande Chartreuse, a monastery nestled deep in the French Alps. For approximately six months, Gröning immerses himself in the daily rituals, prayers and tasks performed by the Carthusian monks, considered to be among the most ascetic of all orders.
In 18th-century England, House of Commons member William Wilberforce (Ioan Gruffudd) and his close friend and a future prime minister, William Pitt (Benedict Cumberbatch), begin a lengthy battle to abolish Great Britain's slave trade. Though Wilberforce's legislation is soundly defeated in 1791, his growing affection for Barbara Spooner (Romola Garai) inspires him to take up the fight once more.
Reginald "Cool" Coolidge (Dorian Missick) is an actor hoping for his big break away from stereotypical black roles. When his ex-fiancée, Charli (Zoe Saldana), pulls in to the gas station where he works, Cool realizes that he still loves her after three years apart. But there is one problem: Charli's wedding to another man is only 36 hours away. Desperate to win her back, Cool uses his talents as an actor to convince Charli that she is choosing the wrong man.
British teenager Hallam Foe (Jamie Bell) still mourns his mother's suicide and refuses to open up to his stepmother, Verity (Claire Forlani). After Verity seduces and blackmails him, Hallam runs away to Edinburgh and meets Kate (Sophia Myles), a manager in a hotel who gives him a job. Kate reminds Hallam of his mother, and he begins spying on her from a clock tower overlooking her apartment. Gradually, Hallam and Kate form a complicated relationship as he tries to cope with his mother's death.
Eric O'Neill (Ryan Phillippe), a low-level surveillance expert with the FBI, believes he is accomplishing his dream of becoming a full-fledged agent, with his unexpected promotion and assignment to work with renowned agent Robert Hanssen (Chris Cooper). However, he soon learns the reason for his promotion is to gain Hanssen's trust and find proof that he is a traitor to the country.
The people of an unnamed kingdom are suffering, thanks to the greed and madness of King Jaywardhan (Boman Irani). Meanwhile, the rebellious Prince Harshwardhan (Saif Ali Khan) has spent years living in seclusion, wanting no part of royal life and its treacheries, until the queen abruptly dies. Then a letter informs the prince that his birth father is Eklavya (Amitabh Bachchan), a royal guard with legendary aim, who is being targeted for death by the king and his vile brother (Jackie Shroff).
After a serial killer (André Hennicke) is arrested, a small-town policeman (Wotan Wilke Möhring) gets to interrogate him, but the interview challenges the cop's beliefs, turning him into a threat.
The life of Jesse (Josh Hutcherson), an adolescent, changes when he befriends Leslie (AnnaSophia Robb), the class outsider. The children create an imaginary world called Terabithia, which is inhabited by all manner of magical creatures. Though difficulties fill their ordinary lives, Jesse and Leslie rule as king and queen in Terabithia. Soon one of the friends must draw on the strength of their imaginary kingdom to cope with a tragedy.
Born into poverty and raised in a brothel, Édith Piaf (Marion Cotillard) manages to achieve worldwide fame. Though her extraordinary voice and charisma open many doors that lead to friendships and romances, she experiences great personal loss, drug addiction and an early death.
Former music superstar Alex Fletcher (Hugh Grant) used to pack them in back in the 1980s, but now he is reduced to playing nostalgia tours and county fairs. He scores a chance at a major comeback when reigning pop diva Cora Corman (Haley Bennett) asks him to write a song for her, but he hasn't written anything in years and cannot compose lyrics anyway. Noticing that Sophie (Drew Barrymore), the plant lady, has a way with words, Alex proposes that he and Sophie make beautiful music together.
Graham McGahan (Brendan Cowell) is a Melbourne police officer beset with a painful ringing sound in his ears. The pain becomes so intense that it causes him to pass out at a train station one night -- the same night an unknown killer slays six commuters. McGahan is reassigned to a small town that is recovering from its own tragedy. Meanwhile, Lavina (Maia Thomas), the sole survivor of the train massacre, becomes worried that the mass murderer might try to silence her.
Salomon Sorowitsch lives a mischievous life of cards, booze, and women in Berlin during the Nazi-era. He suddenly gets arrested and thrown into a concentration camp. Salomon exhibits exceptional skills there and is soon transferred to an upgraded camp. Hand-picked for his unique skill, Salomon is forced to produce fake foreign currency.
Educators (Troy Schremmer, Janelle Schremmer, Chris Mass) try to make it through a new school year.
On the first anniversary of Cinderella's (Jennifer Hale) marriage to Prince Charming (C. D. Barnes), her stepsister Anastasia (Tress MacNeille) finds the Fairy Godmother's (Russi Taylor) wand in the forest. Cinderella's cruel stepmother, Lady Tremaine (Susanne Blakeslee), uses it to reverse time, making the famous glass slipper fit Anastasia's foot before Cinderella has a chance to try it on. No longer retaining any memory of who Cinderella is, the prince prepares to marry Anastasia.
Focusing on the plight of the invisible worker, this documentary shows the stark realities and human struggles of hundreds of Mexican construction laborers as they toil to build Mexico City's enormous Periférico Freeway. These courageous and tireless men share stories about their families, their individual goals, and personal insights into the perilous nature of their chosen profession, as well as the camaraderie that helps keep them going as they endeavor to meet the approaching deadline.
When a cloud of space dust causes the dead to rise as ravenous zombies, the ZomCon Corp. emerges to conquer the creatures and domesticate them to become menial workers and pets for humans. Now, in an idyllic town, a skeptical boy (K'Sun Ray) finds a best friend in his family's new fiend, which he promptly names Fido (Billy Connolly). But Fido's control collar malfunctions, and the neighbors wind up on the menu.
Filmmakers Henriette Mantel and Steve Krovan examine the notable career of activist and consumer advocate Ralph Nader. Using a blend of archival film footage and interviews, they chronicle his many accomplishments as well as his controversial bids for the presidency in 1996, 2000 and 2004.
In 1980s England, schoolboys Will Proudfoot (Bill Milner) and Lee Carter (Will Poulter) meet by chance in a hallway. Though the boys are polar opposites, Lee asks Will to help him make a homemade action movie, inspired by Sylvester Stallone's hit, "Rambo: First Blood." Will, who lives in a strict religious environment, is only too happy to oblige his new friend.
His father's suicide prompts a young American Indian (Cody Lightning) to leave the reservation and explore the world outside.
Filmmaker Andrew Neel, grandson of artist Alice Neel, examines his grandmother's artistic achievements and turbulent personal life.
Seen through the eyes of wealthy businessmen, corruption and class warfare beleaguer Brazilian society.
Pedro (Jorge Adrián Espíndola) is a Mexican immigrant who is traveling by truck to New York City to find his wealthy father, Diego (Jesús Ochoa), a man he has never met. All Pedro has is a 17-year-old letter with an address at which Diego once worked. But on the road a confident man named Juan (Armando Hernández) takes the letter and steals Pedro's identity. Pedro slowly makes his way to New York, but Juan arrives first and finds Diego, convincing him that he is his long-lost son.
Long married, Fiona (Julie Christie) and Grant (Gordon Pinsent) find their mutual devotion tested by her struggle with Alzheimer's disease. When it becomes apparent that the condition is worsening, she checks into a rest home. Grant visits her a month later and finds that his wife has grown close to Aubrey (Michael Murphy), a fellow resident. Jealous and hurt, Grant finally seeks help from Aubrey's wife (Olympia Dukakis) when Fiona suffers a crisis.
Waitress Annie (Kate Beckinsale) has separated from her suicidal alcoholic husband, Glenn (Sam Rockwell). Glenn has become an evangelical Christian, but his erratic attempts at getting back into Annie's life have alarmed her. High school student Arthur (Michael Angarano) works at Annie's restaurant, growing closer to a new kid in town, Lila (Olivia Thirlby), after class. When Glenn and Annie's daughter go missing, the whole town searches for her, as he increasingly spirals out of control.
Abandoned by his mother, 6-year-old Vanya (Kolya Spiridonov) lives in an orphanage run by a greedy woman (Mariya Kuznetsova) and her cruel lover (Nikolai Reutov). Vanya decides to run away and find his mother after a wealthy Italian couple offer to buy him and after observing that the older children in the home survive by stealing or prostitution. He faces many dangers on his journey, including the pair at the orphanage who tried to sell him.
An affair with an immigrant worker allows a woman to find her true self.
Filmmakers Rolf Bickel and Dietrich Wagner document the evidence, procedures and outcome of one of the most important trials in German legal history. During the proceedings, 360 witnesses, including more than 200 survivors of Auschwitz concentration camp, testified against 22 defendants accused of murdering millions.
A handsome bandit (Chartchai Ngamsan) falls in love with a wealthy woman (Stella Malucchi) while a policeman pursues the man's gang.
Beatrix Potter (Renée Zellweger) overcomes many obstacles in her quest to become a writer, including a domineering mother and the chauvinism prevalent in Victorian England. She falls in love with her publisher, Norman Warne (Ewan McGregor), and his marriage proposal and a subsequent tragedy change her life forever.
Filmmaker Christopher Quinn observes the ordeal of three Sudanese refugees -- Jon Bul Dau, Daniel Abul Pach and Panther Bior -- as they try to come to terms with the horrors they experienced in their homeland, while adjusting to their new lives in the United States.
An ambitious man (Abhishek Bachchan) leaves his small village behind to pursue his dream of opening his own business.
A promising young boxer (Corbin Bleu) joins an all-girl team to compete in double Dutch jump-rope.
A dedicated teacher (Hilary Swank) in a racially divided Los Angeles school has a class of at-risk teenagers deemed incapable of learning. Instead of giving up, she inspires her students to take an interest in their education and planning their future. She assigns reading material that relates to their lives and encourages them all to keep journals.
A 17-year-old (Dana Ivgy) in Tel Aviv, Israel, takes after her mother (Ronit Elkabetz) and becomes a prostitute.
Filmmaker Ellen Perry examines the 10-year reign of Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori.
Originally used as a test venue for Pearl Jam when they were battling Ticketmaster, the Empire Polo Fields in Indio, Calif.'s Coachella Valley now serve as host to one of the premier American destination festivals for fans of alternative rock. This film assembles highlights from the festival's first six years, including performances by Radiohead, Arcade Fire, the Flaming Lips, Björk, the Chemical Brothers, Red Hot Chili Peppers and the White Stripes.
In 1944 Spain young Ofelia (Ivana Baquero) and her ailing mother (Ariadna Gil) arrive at the post of her mother's new husband (Sergi López), a sadistic army officer who is trying to quell a guerrilla uprising. While exploring an ancient maze, Ofelia encounters the faun Pan, who tells her that she is a legendary lost princess and must complete three dangerous tasks in order to claim immortality.
Some fast-food workers discover the restaurant they work in is built on an ancient burial ground, and the chickens they cook are trying to kill them.
Pretty teen girl Nell (Samaire Armstrong) is extremely bookish and can't wait to move on to higher education, while her dim-witted neighbor and classmate, Woody (Kevin Zegers), wants nothing more than to play football. When a class trip to a museum places Nell and Woody under an ancient Incan spell, the two awake the next day to find that they've switched bodies. As they cope with their bizarre situation, Nell and Woody realize that they must discover a way to reverse the spell.
Barbara Covett (Judi Dench), a veteran teacher at St. George's, senses a kindred spirit in Sheba Hart (Cate Blanchett), the school's new art teacher. The younger woman's charisma intensely draws in the older, and the two become friends. Then Barbara learns of Sheba's affair with a teenage student and becomes the keeper of the explosive secret.
When infertility threatens mankind with extinction and the last child born has perished, a disillusioned bureaucrat (Clive Owen) becomes the unlikely champion in the fight for the survival of Earth's population; He must face down his own demons and protect the planet's last remaining hope from danger.
Deena (Beyoncé Knowles),Effie (Jennifer Hudson) and Lorrell (Anika Noni Rose) form a music trio called the Dreamettes. When ambitious manager Curtis Taylor Jr. (Jamie Foxx) spots the act at a talent show, he offers the chance of a lifetime, to be backup singers for a national star (Eddie Murphy). Taylor takes creative control of the group and eventually pushes the singers into the spotlight. However, one becomes the star, forcing another out, which teaches them about the high cost of fame.
A solitary nurse (Sarah Polley) bonds with a badly burned patient (Tim Robbins) who survived an accident on an oil rig.
Now long-retired, Rocky (Sylvester Stallone) runs a Philadelphia eatery and mourns the loss of his beloved wife, Adrian. Yearning to recapture a bit of his glory days, he plans to re-enter the ring for a few low-profile, local matches. All that changes when Rocky accepts a challenge to fight the world's reigning heavyweight champion, Mason "the Line" Dixon (Antonio Tarver).
Maurice (Peter O'Toole) and Ian (Leslie Phillips) are veteran British actors who share a friendship and comfortable routines into their 70s. The arrival of Ian's grand-niece, Jessie (Jodie Whittaker), shakes things up for the two old friends. Ian has no patience with the young woman, but Maurice finds her enchanting. He wants to show Jessie the sights and teach her about life, then realizes how little he actually knows.
In 928 A.D. a power struggle emerges in the palace of China's emperor (Chow Yun-Fat). A cruel man, he is secretly having his wife (Gong Li) poisoned with a substance that will eventually drive her insane. Meanwhile the empress is having an affair with Prince Wan (Ye Liu), her husband's son from a previous marriage. But the prince secretly wishes to run away with Chan (Li Man), the daughter of the imperial doctor.
Long-buried missives from the island reveal the stories of the Japanese troops who fought and died there during World War II. Among them are Saigo (Kazunari Ninomiya), a baker; Baron Nishi (Tsuyoshi Ihara), an Olympic champion; and Shimizu (Ryô Kase), an idealistic soldier. Though Lt. Gen. Tadamichi Kuribayashi (Ken Watanabe) knows he and his men have virtually no chance of survival, he uses his extraordinary military skills to hold off American troops as long as possible.
Caught in an affair with another man (Liev Schreiber), a scientist's callow wife (Naomi Watts) accompanies her husband (Edward Norton) to mainland China in the 1920s to fight a cholera epidemic. There, she embarks on a journey of self-discovery that leads to an unexpected chance at redemption.
Teenage Aubrey (Agnes Bruckner) is always there for everyone, including her father, Henry (John Corbett), who has not left the house since her mother died, and her friend Calista (Kelli Garner), who has multiple sclerosis. Her longing to experience life for herself begins to awaken, however, with the arrival of new neighbors, including a young man named Mookie (Justin Long). After setting Mookie up with Calista, Aubrey begins to feel jealous, but struggles to put her own needs above others'.
After learning that a young pig's days are numbered, a literate spider (Julia Roberts) weaves an elaborate plan to save her friend from the butcher's block.
Life is a struggle for single father Chris Gardner (Will Smith). Evicted from their apartment, he and his young son (Jaden Christopher Syre Smith) find themselves alone with no place to go. Even though Chris eventually lands a job as an intern at a prestigious brokerage firm, the position pays no money. The pair must live in shelters and endure many hardships, but Chris refuses to give in to despair as he struggles to create a better life for himself and his son.
Other nations make attempts to stop the civil war in Sierra Leone.
In 1994 Argentina, Cristina Quadri (Bárbara Lombardo), a teen from a well-to-do family, leads a charmed life. But when she's summoned in front of a judge one day, she learns the shocking truth of her real parents' disappearance during Argentina's "Dirty War" of the 1970s. Her actual name is Sofía Lombardi, and now she must live with her real grandmother (Susana Campos), a total stranger. With her life forever changed, Cristina works to uncover the deceit that for years kept her from the truth.
The Mayan kingdom is at the height of its opulence and power but the foundations of the empire are beginning to crumble. The leaders believe they must build more temples and sacrifice more people or their crops and citizens will die. Jaguar Paw (Rudy Youngblood), a peaceful hunter in a remote tribe, is captured along with his entire village in a raid. He is scheduled for a ritual sacrifice until he makes a daring escape and tries to make it back to his pregnant wife and son.
As civil war rages through 1990s Sierra Leone, two men, a white South African mercenary (Leonardo DiCaprio) and a black Mende fisherman (Djimon Hounsou), become joined in a common quest to recover a rare gem that has the power to transform their lives. With the help of an American journalist (Jennifer Connelly), the men embark on a hazardous trek through rebel territory to achieve their goal.
This U.K.-produced HBO documentary covers the spread of AIDS in South Africa, focusing on an orphanage called Agape, founded by one "Grandma" Zodwa Mqadi. The story centers on the local children's choir as they rehearse for a trip to England, and follows the Moya family as they struggle with the disease, which has plagued the region. Notable names such as Lorraine Bracco, Alicia Keys, Paul Simon and Kanye West appear as themselves to help carry the narrative along.
A man lying unconscious in a hospital bed fits the description of six missing men.
John Waters is known as the "Prince of Puke," a moniker he embraces in both his life and his art. As he muses on his early childhood in Baltimore, Waters identifies his earliest influences, including tacky drive-in movies and local burlesque performers. He recalls his rocky introduction to film, how his longtime friend Divine, a genderbending drag performer known for his outlandish stunts, inspired some of his most famous work and what he really thinks about "this filthy world."
Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan), Ali Bose (Uday Chopra) and Sonali Bose (Bipasha Basu), three Indian police officers in Mumbai, join forces to bring down a cunning criminal, Aryan (Hrithik Roshan). Little do they know the difficulty of their task, for Aryan has formed a partnership with the beautiful thief, Sunehri (Aishwarya Rai).
Australians Rex Williamson (Vince Colosimo) and his family struggle to make ends meet in an opal-mining community in the Outback. Daughter Kellyanne (Sapphire Boyce) passes the time with her two imaginary friends, Pobby and Dingan. When the rest of the family grow tired of her obsession with her nonexistent buddies, Rex tells his daughter that Pobby and Dingan are lost in the mine. Bad times lie ahead for the family when Kellyanne reacts badly to the news.
An unorthodox teacher (Stephen Campbell Moore) and his colleagues (Richard Griffiths, Frances de la Tour) at a British grammar school try to prepare gifted young charges for the upcoming Oxford and Cambridge entrance exams. The students absorb the facts and figures thrown at them by academia, and in the process, they also learn a little about life.
Irène (Audrey Tautou) loves nice things and loves to have wealthy men pay for them. One night, she mistakes Jean (Gad Elmaleh), a poor bartender, for a potential client and spends the night with him. The next morning, Irène realizes her mistake and leaves, but poor Jean is smitten with her. Later, when a rich dowager mistakes Jean for a veteran gigolo, Irène agrees to tutor him in the art of fleecing wealthy lovers.
Mumble (Elijah Wood), a young emperor penguin, lives in Antarctica. Like others of his kind, he needs to be able to sing to attract a mate, but he has a terrible voice. Instead, Mumble must express himself, and lure a female through his amazing talent for tap-dancing.
After receiving a license to kill, British Secret Service agent James Bond (Daniel Craig) heads to Madagascar, where he uncovers a link to Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen), a man who finances terrorist organizations. Learning that Le Chiffre plans to raise money in a high-stakes poker game, MI6 sends Bond to play against him, gambling that their newest "00" operative will topple the man's organization.
Shy taxidermist Espinosa (Ricardo Darín), who has epilepsy, dreams of committing the perfect crime. He unexpectedly gets the chance when he accidentally kills a shady character during a hunting trip. The victim had planned to rob an armored car carrying casino profits, and Espinosa takes over the scheme. But his lack of criminal experience and his illness put his life in real danger.
Teri Horton, a former truck driver, buys a painting at a thrift shop for $5. Learning that the piece may have been painted by Jackson Pollock and may be worth about $50 million, she tries to have it authenticated. When some experts declare the painting worthless, she enlists the aid of a forensic scientist and others to establish its credentials.
A mentally unstable IRS auditor (Will Ferrell) hears an author's (Emma Thompson) voice in his head and discovers that he is the ill-fated protagonist of her latest work. While a book-company employee (Queen Latifah) tries to cure the author's case of writer's block, the auditor and a professor (Dustin Hoffman) set out to find the woman and make her change her story.
Filmmakers Barbara Kopple and Cecilia Peck examine the consequences of an anti-Bush comment. In 2003 Natalie Maines, singer for the Dixie Chicks, makes a negative comment about President George W. Bush. Controversy follows the group as fans and Republicans show their rage about the remark.
For a couple of days, before Easter and after Good Friday, inhabitants of a Peruvian village feel free to engage in any sin imaginable. They believe that during this time, God is blind to sin as he is temporarily dead. Village girl Madeinusa (Magaly Solier) is chosen to play the Virgin Mary during the fictional Holy Time festival. But when geologist Salvador (Carlos J. de la Torre) arrives from Lima, Madeinusa is drawn to him, despite her father's attempts to exclude him from the Holy Time.
Filmmaker James Longley's documentary of occupied post-liberation Iraq presents three separate stories that together create a striking portrait of everyday life for average citizens in the war-torn nation. Longley discovers hope, religious dissent and ethnic unrest as he examines the lives of a young boy searching for a father figure in his abusive employer, Shiite Muslims looking to restore religious fundamentalism, and Kurdish farmers uncertain of their place in the new Iraq.
Raimunda (Penélope Cruz) works and lives Madrid with her husband Paco and daughter Paula. Her sister Sole (Lola Dueñas) lives nearby and they both miss their mother Irene (Carmen Maura), who died several years ago in a house fire along with their father. A former neighbor from their hometown reports that she has seen the ghost of Irene and both daughters do not believe her. After a murder and a family tragedy, Irene's spirit materializes around her daughters to help comfort them.
After an ignoble landing in Ratropolis, a pampered rodent (Hugh Jackman) enlists the help of a sewer scavenger (Kate Winslet) in finding his way back to his posh London flat. Getting home is not the only problem, however; a rodent-hating toad (Ian McKellen) wants his notorious cousin, Le Frog (Jean Reno), to exterminate the pair.
Margot (Marie-Josée Croze) was murdered by a serial killer eight years ago, and her husband, Alexandre (François Cluzet), continues to mourn her death. One day, the police discover two dead bodies near Alexandre's home, along with a cache of evidence implicating him in the crime. On the same day, Alexandre receives an email with a video showing his wife alive and well, along with a simple message: "Tell no one." With the police breathing down his neck, Alexandre goes on the run.
Filmmaker Mark Becker examines the plight of Carmelo Muñiz Sánchez who, along with his friend Arturo, ekes out a living as a mariachi musician in San Francisco. When Carmelo returns to his native Mexico, he finds it much harder to earn enough money to support his family, and he ponders chancing another illegal crossing into California.
Reclusive musician Scott Walker first became famous as a member of the 1960s trio The Walker Brothers. This documentary examines his career, from briefly popular teen idol to increasingly eccentric solo artist, including footage of the recording of his 2006 album "The Drift." Fellow musicians from Radiohead to David Bowie explain his importance, while Walker recounts his career, from his fleeting moment of pop cultural fame through his drug-dazed days to cult legend.
The majestic Golden Gate Bridge is one of San Francisco's most popular tourist destinations. Unfortunately, it also is a beacon to people, struggling with depression, addiction or mental illness, who leap to their deaths into the waters of the bay. Filmmaker Eric Steel documents those suicides and interviews some of the victims' grieving survivors.
An accident connects four groups of people on three different continents: two young Moroccan goatherds, a vacationing American couple (Brad Pitt, Cate Blanchett), a deaf Japanese teen and her father, and a Mexican nanny who takes her young charges across a border without parental permission.
Patrick Chamusso (Derek Luke), an apolitical black South African who works at an oil refinery, becomes a freedom fighter for the ANC after a brutal run-in with a government terror squad. Patrick stages daring solo attacks against the apartheid regime, even as a policeman (Tim Robbins) worms his way into the lives of Patrick and his family.
Musicians David Byrne and Philip Glass, opera singer Jessye Norman and critic John Simon are among those who discuss theatrical innovator Robert Wilson's life and work. Wilson is one of the creative minds behind such works as "Einstein on the Beach," "The Black Rider" and "Deafman Glance."
Filmmaker Billy Corben recalls Miami drug wars of the 1970s and '80s, when Colombian drug lords turned the relatively quiet Florida city into a breeding ground for violence and excess. Corben interviews so-called "survivors" of the era, including dealers, smugglers and hit men.
This documentary, directed by Lauren Greenfield, follows four young women dealing with anorexia and bulimia at a strict treatment facility in Florida where they temporarily live. As the camera follows them, Shelly, Polly, Brittany and Alisa, ranging in age from 15 to 30 years old, have group therapy sessions, weigh-ins and meals. The women discuss the emotional and psychological issues tied to their body-image problems, as each struggles to fight the urge to lose more weight.
Michaela, an epileptic, enrolls in college to study education. She goes off her medication and soon begins hearing voices and seeing apparitions that tell her to avoid religious objects, although she is devoutly Roman Catholic. One priest scoffs at the idea that Michaela could be possessed by demons, but a younger pastor arranges an exorcism for the young woman.
In February and March of 1945, U.S. troops fight and win one of the most crucial and costly battles of the war on the island of Iwo Jima. A photo of U.S. servicemen raising the flag on Mount Suribachi becomes an iconic symbol of victory to a war-weary nation. The individuals themselves become heroes, though not all survive the war and realize it.
An illusion gone horribly wrong pits two 19th-century magicians, Alfred Borden (Christian Bale) and Rupert Angier (Hugh Jackman), against each other in a bitter battle for supremacy. Terrible consequences loom when the pair escalate their feud, each seeking not just to outwit -- but to destroy -- the other man.
Several months after documentarian Doug Block's mother dies, his father announces that he plans to sell the family's Long Island, N.Y., home and move to Florida with his former secretary, Carol "Kitty" Duffy. Though Doug always believed his parents had a happy marriage, his father's sudden decision makes him wonder if their relationship was more complicated than he realized. In the weeks before his father moves, Doug interviews family and friends to learn more about his parents.
In Kansas, with childhood friend Harper Lee (Sandra Bullock), author Truman Capote (Toby Jones) developed an intense and complex relationship with convicted killer Perry Smith (Daniel Craig) while researching what would become one of his greatest works, "In Cold Blood."
Filmmaker Amy Berg documents the case of convicted pedophile Oliver Grady who, as a priest in northern California, molested the children of his parishioners, apparently with the knowledge of his superiors in the diocese. Berg tracks down O'Grady in Ireland, where he lives free under church protection, and allows him to give his own account of his crimes.
They may have been run out of Germany, but a group of Jews eventually got their revenge, courtesy of the U.S. military. Indeed, these men became the perfect weapon for Uncle Sam against Hitler, and now many of them reunite to share tales of boot camp, returning to their former homeland turned enemy territory, D-Day and more. While their knowledge of the German landscape and people made them invaluable assets, it's clear that for them that the war was never anything less than personal.
When Inge Altenberg (Elizabeth Reaser), a young German woman, arrives in rural Minnesota, she meets Norwegian farmer Olaf Torvik (Tim Guinee), a fellow immigrant. Olaf's parents in Norway have arranged for the two to marry, but problems arise when she doesn't have the proper papers. Despite being unwed, the couple lives and farms together, causing a rift with their community. In the face of considerable hardship, Inge and Olaf toil away and grow closer in the process.
Nice, normal-looking Leslie Vernon (Nathan Baesel) has an obsession with movie-style slashers like Michael Myers, Jason Voorhees and Freddy Krueger. Leslie decides to follow in the footsteps of his heroes, and, ever the self-promoter, invites a documentary filmmaker (Angela Goethals) and her crew to follow him around as he constructs his own grisly legacy.
Filmmakers Steve Ascher and Jeanne Jordan chronicle a man's struggle with ALS, Lou Gehrig's disease, and its effect on his family. Stephen Heywood fights to keep working as a home builder, but his physical condition deteriorates. His brother, Jamie, quits his job, starts a medical research foundation and devotes himself to finding a cure.
Sarah (Kate Winslet) is a well-educated woman who cannot come to terms with her life as a housewife and mother. Brad (Patrick Wilson), a stay-at-home dad, is married to a beautiful filmmaker (Jennifer Connelly) and goes skateboarding instead of studying for the bar exam. The pair meet at a playground and soon begin having secret trysts while their children nap and their spouses are at work.
Following the death of Princess Diana in an auto accident, Great Britain's Queen Elizabeth II (Helen Mirren) and Prime Minister Tony Blair (Michael Sheen) struggle to reach a compromise in how the royal family should publicly respond to the tragedy. In the balance is the family's need for privacy and the public's demand for an outward show of mourning.
Untalented but charismatic, conjoined twins Barry (Harry Treadaway) and Tom (Luke Treadaway) Howe become rock stars in 1970s England, until the usual perils of fame -- drugs, alcohol and women -- create dissension. File footage and interviews chronicle the brothers' rise and fall.
Fifteen million Ethiopians make a living related to coffee, which accounts for 67 percent of the country's foreign exports. Yet as profits soar for coffee sales, the farmers producing the beans continue to receive minimal payments, anywhere from 12 to 25 cents for every kilo picked. Businessman Tadesse Meskela tries to help raise the impoverished standard of living by negotiating, on behalf of 70,000 farmers, with coffee roasters willing to pay a fairer price for their labor.
South Boston cop Billy Costigan (Leonardo DiCaprio) goes under cover to infiltrate the organization of gangland chief Frank Costello (Jack Nicholson). As Billy gains the mobster's trust, a career criminal named Colin Sullivan (Matt Damon) infiltrates the police department and reports on its activities to his syndicate bosses. When both organizations learn they have a mole in their midst, Billy and Colin must figure out each other's identities to save their own lives.
In a forest, a group of white mice commission a doll from the Creatures Who Dwell Under The Oak. But the Creatures grow attached to the completed product and refuse to sell it to the mice. Finding an egg nearby, the Creatures sew it into the doll's belly. After the angry mice return and steal her back, the Creatures set out to rescue their beloved object, encountering a number of obstacles on their way -- from labyrinths to poisonous fruit and a sinister spider-woman.
Filmmakers examine the role of Ohio in the 2004 presidential election and present the American electoral process through the eyes of voters, politicians and activists. Republican and Democratic campaign strategists and officials all attempt to swing the election their way by pushing hot-button issues to the forefront.
Three tales of love wrap around the true story of a blind and deaf woman named Theresa Chan. In the first an elderly shopkeeper is devoted to his sick wife. In the second, two teenage girls become soul mates and lovers. In the third a chubby security guard tries to find the courage to woo a beautiful woman who works in his building.
Lennon arouses the ire of the U.S. government when he focuses his musical talent and power of celebrity to campaign against the Vietnam War. Filmmakers David Leaf and John Scheinfeld focus on his life and antiwar activities with Yoko Ono during the years 1966-1976.
Dito Montiel (Robert Downey Jr.), a successful author, receives a call from his long-suffering mother (Dianne Wiest), asking him to return home and visit his ailing father. Dito recalls his childhood growing up in a violent neighborhood in Queens, N.Y., with friends Antonio (Channing Tatum), Giuseppe, Nerf and Mike.
While in Uganda on a medical mission, Scottish doctor Nicholas Garrigan (James McAvoy) becomes the personal physician and close confidante of dictator Idi Amin (Forest Whitaker). Although at first Dr. Garrigan feels flattered by his new position of power, he soon comes to realize that Amin's rule is soaked in blood, and that he is complicit in the atrocities. Garrigan faces the fight of his life as he tries to escape Amin's grasp.
Filmmaker Paul Rachman recalls the 1980s American punk-rock movement. The retrospective features interviews and performance footage with such bands as Black Flag, Circle Jerks, Bad Brains, Jerry's Kids, Gang Green, Poison Idea, Flipper and SS Decontrol.
After a terrible tragedy, a martial artist (Jet Li) retreats to a remote village to gain a new appreciation for the important things in life, but when he returns to the city to reconcile his past with the present, he gets caught up in a duel to the death defending China's honor.
Daredevils (Johnny Knoxville, Bam Margera, Steve-O) go for the gross-out when they subject an unsuspecting public to more outrageous stunts and practical jokes. Danger, pain and bodily fluids are in plentiful supply as the gang tries to up the ante in the continuous quest to shock and annoy.
Married to and in love with disabled peasant Ba'toer, Tuya (Yu Nan) is forced to divorce him and find a new husband to support both them and their two children when an injury leaves her unable to work. After a series of men refuse to look after Ba'toer, Tuya finds herself torn between wealthy, recently divorced oilman and schoolmate Bao'lier, who promises to provide for her husband's medical care, and her neighbor, Sen'ge, whose wife has recently left him.
Filmmaker Patricia Foulkrod examines the experiences of Iraq War veterans and the plight of the military. She documents stories of human wreckage arising from the horrors of war and military training dehumanizing soldiers. Approximately 10 veterans discuss how their time in Iraq changed their lives irrevocably .
Filmmakers Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady visit an evangelical Christian summer camp called Kids on Fire, where children take part in programs designed to strengthen and intensify their beliefs. The camp's founder, Becky Fischer, discusses her mission to indoctrinate youths in the word of God, while young campers play certain combat video games and talk about their love for Jesus.
Six blind Tibetan teenagers, shunned by their culture as sinners or possessed by demons, band together to climb the north side of Mount Everest. With the inspiration of their fiery, blind teacher who fought to establish a Tibetan school for blind children, the teens are guided by Erik Weihenmayer, the only blind mountaineer to have successfully scaled Everest. The climbers suffer through illness, bad weather, and the stark challenge of tackling one of the greatest natural wonders on the planet.
A bedridden patient (Lee Pace) captivates a hospitalized girl (Catinca Untaru) with a fantastic tale involving heroes, mystics and villains on a desert island.
This documentary from Robert Greenwald argues that corporations have made a fortune from the Iraq War. After purchasing influence in the halls of Congress, private interests such as Halliburton have been awarded lucrative no-bid contracts. Meanwhile, on the ground, these corporations employ questionable practices that endanger the lives of both American soldiers and Iraqis. The film asks the question, when war becomes a business, what incentive is there to end it?
A French policewoman (Nathalie Baye) and a rookie (Jalil Lespert) investigate the murder of a homeless Polish man (Xavier Beauvois).
A prince and his loyal companion battle to save a princess.
Two hit men from Hong Kong go to Macau to kill a renegade member of their gang, who is trying to live within the law with his wife and new baby. They run into a problem completing their job when two fadversaries show up to stop them by any means at their disposal.
In 1968, Donald Crowhurst, an inexperienced British sailor, puts up his home as collateral, gains financial backing and enters the Golden Globe, the first nonstop boat race around the world. Under dire financial pressure, Crowhurst decides to set sail before his boat is fully built, leaving it unprepared for the stresses of the open ocean. Crowhurst is under-prepared himself, and his decision to embark before he and his vessel are ready sets a deadly chain of events into motion.
After moving from Calcutta to New York, members of the Ganguli family maintain a delicate balancing act between honoring the traditions of their native India and blending into American culture. Although parents Ashoke (Irrfan Khan) and Ashima (Tabu) are proud of the sacrifices they make to give their offspring opportunities, their son Gogol (Kal Penn) strives to forge his own identity without forgetting his heritage.
Upon learning his estranged son (Kiichi Nakai) has cancer, a Japanese fisherman (Ken Takakura) travels to Tokyo to see him. Though his son rejects him, the fisherman decides to finish the dying man's project: capturing a famous Chinese opera star's performance on film. However, the singer cannot perform, for he is too grief-stricken at his separation from his illegitimate son. The fisherman decides to reunite the singer and the child and sets out to find him.
Chev Chelios (Jason Statham), a hit man wanting to go straight, lets his latest target slip away, then he awakes the next morning to a phone call that informs him he has been poisoned and has only an hour to live unless he keeps adrenaline coursing through his body while he searches for an antidote.
Young Joe Carraclough (Jonathan Mason) and his family (Samantha Morton, John Lynch) love their faithful collie, Lassie. However, when Joe's father loses his job in the mine, he must sell the dog to the Duke of Rudling (Peter O'Toole), who covets the collie for his granddaughter (Hester Odgers). After the duke moves to northern Scotland to avoid the threat of World War II, Lassie escapes and undertakes a 500-mile journey to reunite with her family.
A young musician (Justin Rice) from Boston arrives in New York following the breakup of his band. As he tries to figure out the next step in his career path, he spends time with his friends (Rachel Clift, Andrew Bujalski) and enjoys the romantic overtures of a radio disc jockey (Seung-Min Lee).
Members (Danny Dyer, Laura Harris, Tim McInnerny) of the Palisades Defense Corp. sales group arrive in Europe for a team-building exercise. A fallen tree blocks the route, and they must hike to their destination. However, a psychotic killer lurks in the woods, and he has a horrible fate in mind for each of the co-workers.
In 2005, average in every way private Joe Bowers (Luke Wilson) is selected to take part in a secret military experiment to put him in hibernation for a year along with a woman named Rita (Maya Rudolph). The slumbering duo is forgotten when the base they are stored on is closed down and are left in stasis until 2505. When they finally wake up, they discover the average intelligence of humans has decreased so much that Joe is now the smartest man in the world.
Soon to be a father, Mark (Daniel London) feels the pressure of domestic responsibility closing in, so he is more than happy to accept when his old friend Kurt (Will Oldham) proposes a camping trip in the Oregon wilderness. During their time together, the men come to grips with the changes in their lives and the effect on their relationship.
Lifelong football fan Vince Papale (Mark Wahlberg) sees his wildest dreams come true when he becomes a member of the Philadelphia Eagles. While teaching at his high-school alma mater in Pennsylvania, the 30-year-old gets a chance to try out for his favorite team and, except for kickers, becomes the oldest rookie in NFL history who never played football in college.
A nomadic writer (Matt Dillon) drifts from one dead-end job to another in an attempt to fuel his passions for alcohol and women. Unable to maintain steady employment or sell his stories to the one publisher he respects, Henry Chinaski does what he can to earn enough cash.
A master magician named Eisenheim (Edward Norton) vies with Crown Prince Leopold (Rufus Sewell) of Vienna for the hand of noblewoman Sophie (Jessica Biel), the girl he once loved. He brings his considerable powers to bear on the prince, as she is about to be named royal fiancee. However, a police inspector named Uhl (Paul Giamatti) tries to warn Eisenheim that he is playing a very dangerous game.
Spike Lee documents life in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina destroyed the city's anti-flooding safeguards in 2005. In the film, New Orleans residents tell their stories and vent their anger -- some calmly, some with unbridled rage -- at the callousness displayed by their local, state and national leaders. Survivors share their own heartbreaking tales, leveling charges and challenges at the officials who failed to protect their lives, their homes and their city.
Dan Dunne (Ryan Gosling) is a history teacher at a Brooklyn school. Though well-liked by his students and colleagues, he secretly spends his evenings hopping bars and getting high. A female student named Drey (Shareeka Epps) catches him in a drug-induced haze after a basketball game, and the two strike up an unlikely friendship. As Dan struggles with his addiction, he tries to act as a mentor to the girl, whose brother is serving time for dealing drugs.
As a child, Mélanie shows great promise as a pianist. As she auditions for a music scholarship, one of the judges, Ariane (Catherine Frot), causes a disruption that throws off the girl's playing. Mélanie locks her piano and does not play again. As a grown woman, Mélanie (Déborah François) sets in motion a long-awaited and elaborate plan for revenge, beginning with obtaining a position as Ariane's assistant.
Two Port Authority officers, Sgt. John McLoughlin (Nicolas Cage) and Officer Will Jimeno (Michael Peña), become trapped in the rubble of the World Trade Center after going in to help people escape from the buildings during the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
Outrageous situations occur when Borat, a popular reporter (Sacha Baron Cohen) from Kazakhstan, comes to the United States to film a documentary on what makes America a great nation. Along the way, he manages to offend just about everyone he meets, fall in love with actress Pamela Anderson, and set forth on a cross-country journey to make her his wife.
NASCAR superstar Ricky Bobby (Will Ferrell) is at the top of his game; adored by fans, a trophy wife by his side, and incredible wealth. But Ricky loses it all when French Formula One champion Jean Girard (Sacha Baron Cohen) roars onto the scene. Ricky, with the help of his ruthless father, must pull himself out of the depths of despair and restore his honor on the racetrack.
A year after a severe emotional trauma, Sarah (Shauna Macdonald) goes to North Carolina to spend some time exploring caves with her friends; after descending underground, the women find strange cave paintings and evidence of an earlier expedition, then learn they are not alone: Underground predators inhabit the crevasses, and they have a taste for human flesh.
Magdalena (Emily Rios) is a Mexican-American living in Los Angeles. Her 15th birthday is fast approaching, and she and her family are making preparations for the party that signals her transition to womanhood. But Magdalena becomes pregnant, and family tensions force her out of the house, so she goes to live with her uncle Tomas and her gay cousin Carlos. All exiles, the three band together against the coming neighborhood gentrification that threatens their way of life.
Filmmaker Greg MacGillivray explores the threat to Louisiana's wetlands while celebrating the Cajun way of life.
In the near future, as America virtually loses the war on drugs, Robert Arctor, a narcotics cop in Orange County, Calif., becomes an addict when he goes under cover. He is wooing Donna, a dealer, to ferret out her supplier. At the same time, he receives orders to spy on his housemates, one of whom is suspected of being Donna's biggest customer.
The Hoover family -- a man (Greg Kinnear), his wife (Toni Collette), an uncle (Steve Carell), a brother (Paul Dano) and a grandfather (Alan Arkin) -- puts the fun back in dysfunctional by piling into a VW bus and heading to California to support a daughter (Abigail Breslin) in her bid to win the Little Miss Sunshine Contest. The sanity of everyone involved is stretched to the limit as the group's quirks cause epic problems as they travel along their interstate route.
Filmmaker Heather Lyn MacDonald pays tribute to the Silver Belles, former chorus girls from Harlem's Renaissance period who are still grooving on well into their 80s and 90s. In their prime, the women performed with such luminaries as Bill Robinson, Cab Calloway and Duke Ellington.
No adults believe three youths' (Mitchel Musso, Spencer Locke, Sam Lerner) assertion that a neighboring residence is a living creature that means them harm. With Halloween approaching, the trio must find a way to destroy the structure before innocent trick-or-treaters meet ghastly ends.
Now in their 30s, slackers Dante (Brian O'Halloran) and Randal (Jeff Anderson) find that they must change their lives and expand their horizons beyond pop culture and sex. After a disaster at their convenience store ends their employment there, they find new jobs at Mooby's, a fast-food empire.
Two policemen (Colm Feore, Patrick Huard) from different Canadian provinces must work together to solve a crime.
Phillip (Anders Danielsen Lie) and Erik (Espen Klouman Høiner) have been best friends since childhood. Both young men share a passion for the works of reclusive novelist Sten Egil Dahl, and both harbor literary ambitions. However, fate deals differently with the friends as each strives to make his dream come true.
Andy (Anne Hathaway) is a recent college graduate with big dreams. Upon landing a job at prestigious Runway magazine, she finds herself the assistant to diabolical editor Miranda Priestly (Meryl Streep). Andy questions her ability to survive her grim tour as Miranda's whipping girl without getting scorched.
Following a strict mandate on air emissions in California, General Motors launches the EV-1 in 1997. It is an electric automobile that requires no gas, oil, muffler or brake changes and is, seemingly, the world's first perfect car. Yet six years later, GM recalls and destroys the EV-1 fleet. Filmmaker Chris Paine examines the birth and death of a revolutionary vehicle.
While Lex Luthor (Kevin Spacey) plots to destroy him once and for all, the Man of Steel (Brandon Routh) returns after a long absence to a much-changed world. Lois Lane (Kate Bosworth) has moved on with her life, and society has learned to survive without him. Superman must find a way to reconnect with her and find his place in a world that may no longer need him.
Sequel to "Koi... Mil Gaya", continuing the story of Rohit Mehra, a young man who has inherited supernatural powers thanks to his father's encounter with an alien. The film was Indian cinema's biggest hit in 2006, with special effects and stunts that stole the hearts of millions of Indians.
A lower-class samurai, named Katagiri, secretly loves Kie, a servant in his family's household. Eventually their perception of honor forces them to part, and he must turn his focus toward a disheartening task. His old friend, Yaichiro Hazama, has been fomenting rebellion against the government, and Katagiri must hunt him down and kill him.
A rocky road is ahead when Ira (Chris Messina), a neurotic doctoral candidate, meets and marries Abby (Jennifer Westfeldt), a free-spirit, almost on a whim. The pair enjoy marital bliss for awhile, but the relationship hits the skids when Ira learns Abby is twice-divorced. The marriage breaks apart, but the lovers have yet to realize that they may not be able to live without one another.
In September 2001 several British Muslim friends go to Pakistan to attend a wedding. They decide to visit Afghanistan, but they find Kandahar under attack and flee to Kabul. From there the friends try to return to Pakistan but mistakenly end up in a Taliban stronghold. Following their capture, they are sent to a U.S. military base in Cuba, where they endure torture.
Claudia and Chris share a passion for interpreting the meaning of symbols. After she learns that she has cancer of the larynx, Claudia decides to spend her last days in Venice. Her obsession with Bosch leads the two to make a garden's visions real through sensual close-ups.
Soon after the death of his father, a distraught young man (Gael García Bernal) begins a job as a graphic designer, but has little chance to create. His intense dreams begin to overtake his waking life and he becomes increasingly caught up in flights of fancy. His hyperactive imagination then begins to interfere with his courtship of a pretty neighbor (Charlotte Gainsbourg).
Leni Dali (Marián Aguilera), a successful television reporter, decides the time is finally right to bring the new love in her life, Rafi (Guillermo Toledo), to meet her rather eccentric Jewish family. As could be expected, Rafi harbors some anxiety about the meeting, and his concern is not unfounded. Each family member turns out to have a different personality flaw that makes feeling at home hard to do -- especially when they discover Rafi is Palestinian.
Filmmaker Patrick Creadon pays tribute to crossword puzzles and those who love them, and features a profile of The New York Times "puzzle master" Will Shortz. Among the celebrities who swear by the Times puzzle are President Bill Clinton, folk-rock duo Indigo Girls, comic Jon Stewart, baseball player Mike Mussina and filmmaker Ken Burns.
This documentary, directed by first-time filmmaker Josh Gilbert, features renowned comedian Tommy Chong, of "Cheech & Chong" fame, as he deals with the federal government following charges of selling drug paraphernalia. Arrested as part of a large sting operation, Chong is sentenced to time in prison despite having no prior convictions. In addition to spending time on the various aspects of the case, the film looks at Chong's life and his performing career.
While traveling to California to race against The King (Richard Petty) and Chick Hicks (Michael Keaton) for the Piston Cup Championship, Lightning McQueen (Owen Wilson) becomes lost after falling out of his trailer in a run down town called Radiator Springs. While there he slowly befriends the town's odd residents, including Sally (Bonnie Hunt), Doc Hudson (Paul Newman) and Mater (Larry the Cable Guy). When it comes time for him to leave to championship is no longer his top priority.
Filmmaker Deborah Scranton provides three U.S. soldiers with cameras so they can document their experiences during Operation Iraqi Freedom. The soldiers, Sgt. Steve Pink, Sgt. Zack Bazzi and Spc. Mike Moriarty, are all different ages and come from different backgrounds, but all three demonstrate unwavering loyalty to their comrades-in-arms while voicing concerns about America's reasons for its presence in Iraq.
In 21st-century Paris, a member (Cyril Raffaelli) of an elite police squad must enter a crime-ridden ghetto to defuse a bomb that has fallen into the hands of Taha (Larbi Naceri), a powerful hoodlum. The cop joins forces with a civilian (David Belle) who must rescue his sister (Dany Verissimo) from the same criminal who holds the bomb.
Rehan (Aamir Khan), a tour guide and notorious flirt, meets Zooni (Kajol), a blind Kashmiri woman. She determines to live independently and disregards her friends' advice to ignore Rehan. He teaches her how to experience life to the fullest but, at the same time, he withholds a terrible secret that could destroy them both.
Filmmaker Davis Guggenheim follows Al Gore on the lecture circuit, as the former presidential candidate campaigns to raise public awareness of the dangers of global warming and calls for immediate action to curb its destructive effects on the environment.
Two robots go on a quest to become human.
When Verne (Garry Shandling) and fellow woodland friends awake from winter's hibernation, they find they have some new neighbors: humans, and RJ (Bruce Willis), an opportunistic raccoon who shows the others how to exploit the suburban bounty laid out before them.
This documentary looks back on a time when soccer briefly captured America's attention. The film profiles the North American Soccer League franchise the New York Cosmos and the sensation it created back in the 1970s. Using archival footage, old photos and anecdotes from former players and businessmen, it tells the story -- or several conflicting stories -- of a team starring Brazilian soccer legend Pele, formed by non-sports people and ultimately submarined by the league's excessive expansion.
Who is Frank Gehry, and what makes the rule-breaking architect tick? That's what filmmaker -- and friend of Gehry -- Sydney Pollack aims to find out in this documentary. Pollack is afforded extensive access into the life and work of the man who designed such buildings as the Guggenheim of Spain and the Disney Concert Hall in California. Through interviews with fellow friends and admirers, Pollack examines the 77-year-old's creative process and his rise to prominence in the world of architecture.
Filmmaker Kevin Keating examines Rudolph Giuliani's record as mayor of New York before the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, turned him into a national hero. Former Mayor Ed Koch, the Rev. Al Sharpton, Donald Trump, and Editor Wayne Barrett of The Village Voice are among those who comment on Giuliani's reign.
Ahmad (Ahmad Razvi) is a Pakistani-born cart vendor who sells bagels and coffee in Manhattan, a humble and bleak means of a living that affords him little comfort. In his former life in Pakistan, he was a rock star. He was also married and had a child. Now his wife is dead, his in-laws refuse him visits with his son, and his job is all he seems to have, but he seems content with his fate. However, a chance encounter with a businessman may change Ahmad's fortune -- for better, or worse.
A struggling writer (Romain Duris) becomes involved with two women while juggling assignments in Paris.
Retired from active duty, and training recruits for the Impossible Mission Force, agent Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) faces the toughest foe of his career: Owen Davian (Philip Seymour Hoffman), an international broker of arms and information, who is as cunning as he is ruthless. Davian emerges to threaten Hunt and all that he holds dear -- including the woman Hunt loves.
Kurt Cobain said he stole their riffs; Bono was a major fan. Indie rock band the Pixies have been hugely influential ever since their unique sound made them college radio station favorites in the late 1980s. In 1993, however, creative disputes led the group to break up. This documentary follows the Pixies as they get together for their wildly successful 2004 reunion tour. Although thousands of fans cheer their return, the members find themselves struggling backstage as old issues resurface.
Akeelah, an 11-year-old girl living in South Los Angeles, discovers she has a talent for spelling, which she hopes will take her to the National Spelling Bee. Despite her mother's objections, Akeelah doesn't give up on her goal. She finds help in the form of a mysterious teacher, and along with overwhelming support from her community, Akeelah might just have what it takes to make her dream come true.
On Sept. 11, 2001, terrorists seize control of United Airlines Flight 93 and three other planes. As realization of the imminent horror dawns on passengers, crew and loved ones on the ground, the courageous acts by those held hostage in the air count down in actual time.
Eva Mozes Kor is a Holocaust survivor who, along with her twin sister, endured horrible medical experiments at the hands of Nazi doctors at Auschwitz. She makes a courageous but controversial decision to heal her wounded spirit by forgiving those who tortured her so long ago.
Mr. Lazarescu (Ion Fiscuteanu) is a retired Romanian engineer, spending his time in the company of his cats and booze. When he starts feeling unusually ill, he first seeks painkillers from his neighbors. It soon becomes apparent that Lazarescu is indeed sick, and an ambulance arrives with a nurse (Luminita Gheorghiu) who has a few ideas about what could be the problem. However, a major traffic accident and poor organization leaves little room in Romanian hospitals for the fading Lazarescu.
This documentary follows illegal Mexican immigrants who turn to Arizona as their portal into America while border security tightens in California and Texas. Thousands of men looking for work and increasing numbers of women and children, make their way across the desert daily. While some Americans hope to change border restrictions legally, and leave supplies scattered along the route hoping to help the immigrants, others carry arms and patrol the state line with a grimmer intent.
After receiving a frantic phone call from his ex-girlfriend, teenage loner Brendan Frye (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) learns that her dead body has been found. Vowing to solve her murder himself, he must infiltrate high-school cliques that he previously avoided. His search for the truth places him before some of the school's roughest characters, leading to a confrontation with a drug dealer known as "the Pin (Lukas Haas)."
Hayley (Ellen Page) is a precocious teenager who goes to a coffee shop to meet Jeff (Patrick Wilson), the photographer she met on the Internet. Jeff thinks he is in for a real treat, but Hayley plays a trick on him. After drugging Jeff and tying him down, Hayley reveals that she knows Jeff preys on teenage girls and she has a plan to wring a confession from him.
Ga Yu (Zhang Lei), a journalist from Beijing, arrives in Tibet to document the poaching of endangered antelope. He enlists the aid of Ritai (Bujie Duo), who leads the volunteer patrolmen who are putting their lives on the line to protect the animals from the insidious threat.
As the weekend looms, three troubled people are faced with potentially life-changing events. After her father's death, Meryl (Justine Clarke) is forced to cut her bereavement short to focus on a deadline for work. Nick (William McInnes), a reporter, awaits his cancer test results while his photographer Andy (Anthony Hayes) is preoccupied with his girlfriend's unplanned pregnancy. When a train crashed near Meryl, Nick and Andy interview her sparking a romance between Nick and the grieving woman.
After losing his job at a Glasgow shipyard, 50-year-old Frank (Peter Mullan) has few prospects and little hope. A casual remark by a buddy (Billy Boyd) inspires him to find a new purpose: to swim the English Channel. Accompanied by his closest friends, Frank sets forth on a training regimen that will help him achieve his goal.
In this documentary, celebrities such as Jane Fonda join their voices with veterans and soldiers to recount the largely suppressed antiwar movement that occurred within the United States military over the course of the Vietnam War. Using archival news footage and contemporary interviews with Vietnam veterans, the film discusses the G.I.s' growing distrust of the war and details the U.S. Army's swift, severe and often secret response to the expression of antiwar sentiments within its ranks.
Two graffiti artists struggle to maintain their lives and friendship after being arrested.
A slowly sinking ship stuck in the Persian Gulf has become a pseudo-community to homeless Iranian squatters. This metal metropolis is run by Capt. Nemat (Ali Nassirian), a firm but loving leader who does everything from play Cupid to supervise the residents' search for salable scrap metal. The only person in this "town" not to obey the captain's every command is Ahmad (Hossein Farzi-Zadeh), a rebellious youngster who pines for a pretty girl (Neda Pakdaman) with an overprotective father.
Filmmaker Jeff Feuerzeig chronicles the life of a manic-depressive musician and artist, using a blend of home movies, Johnston's own audiotapes, vintage performances and current footage. Johnston has recorded more than 10 full-length albums and amassed a prolific portfolio of sketches, and has among his supporters Matt Groening, David Bowie, Sonic Youth, Beck, and Tom Waits.
Wheelsy is a small town where not much happens and everyone minds his own business. No one notices when evil slips in quietly but, when people find mutilated livestock and a woman goes missing, Sheriff Bill Pardy (Nathan Fillion) discovers an alien organism that threatens to devour all life on Earth.
Four working-class teenagers live in an Atlanta neighborhood where hip-hop music rules and the coolest place to hang out is the local rollerskating rink. As the friends look forward to new horizons after high school, they face challenges on and off the rink that bring about turning points in their lives.
Four miscreant friends are banned from a wedding unless they can settle down with girlfriends.
Returning from a ski trip, four middle-aged men (Mahnaz Afshar, Ahmad Hamed, Mahmoud Kalari, Reza Kianian) stop their car on a mountain road when they see a massive rock protruding from a cliff. The friends joke about how easy it would be to push the rock off the cliff, but find the task to be much more difficult than they expected. What begins as a silly idea becomes a serious mission as the men struggle to dislodge the rock by any means necessary in this existential Iranian comedy.
Initially, adolescents Flama (Daniel Miranda) and Moko (Diego Cataño) are enjoying what promises to be an uneventful Sunday at Flama's. Then the electricity goes out. Next, they meet Rita (Danny Perea), a pretty teenage girl who lives next door, and pizza deliveryman Ulises (Enrique Arreola) -- both on their own missions. After joining forces, the four learn some eye-opening lessons about love, loneliness and what grown-up life inevitably has in store for everyone.
A tough detective (Denzel Washington) matches wits with a cunning bank robber (Clive Owen), as a tense hostage crisis is unfolding. Into the volatile situation comes a woman named Madaline (Jodie Foster), a mysterious power broker who has a hidden agenda and threatens to push a tense situation past the breaking point.
After giving birth, teenage Sonia (Déborah François) returns home to find that her boyfriend, irresponsible petty criminal Bruno (Jérémie Segard), has sublet their apartment. Sonia tracks Bruno down on the street, and after the couple spends the night together, they decide to start a new life with the baby. But the next morning, Bruno sells their child for cash, sending Sonia into shock. Shaken by her decision to press charges against him, Bruno sets out to retrieve the baby.
In 1983 East Berlin, dedicated Stasi officer Gerd Wiesler (Ulrich Mühe), doubting that a famous playwright (Sebastian Koch) is loyal to the Communist Party, receives approval to spy on the man and his actress-lover Christa-Maria (Martina Gedeck). Wiesler becomes unexpectedly sympathetic to the couple, then faces conflicting loyalties when his superior takes a liking to Christa-Maria and orders Wiesler to get the playwright out of the way.
Three friends (Jake Moreno, H.P. Mendoza, L.A. Renigen), all recent high-school graduates, wonder what to do with the rest of their lives.
Filmmakers Kief Davidson and Richard Ladkani profile Basilio, a 14-year-old Bolivian who supports his family by working in a silver mine. Like his fellow workers, the boy looks to Satan for protection from the daily hazards he encounters in the bowels of the Earth.
Imprisoned on a drug charge, mobster Jack DiNorscio (Vin Diesel) refuses to testify against his former associates in the Lucchesi crime family. When an ambitious prosecutor brings him back to court, he decides to defend himself. Initially regarded with disbelief, his forceful presence and knowledge of the law turn the tide of the trial.
A 21-year-old Indian-American woman learns of secrets and lies that tie her origins to a horrifying genocide.
Following world war, London is a police state occupied by a fascist government, and a vigilante known only as V (Hugo Weaving) uses terrorist tactics to fight the oppressors of the world in which he now lives. When V saves a young woman named Evey (Natalie Portman) from the secret police, he discovers an ally in his fight against England's oppressors.
Fantasy role players use Baltimore re-imagined into a medieval world called Darkon. The adventurers combine character-driven storylines with physical re-enactments. Each person creates an alter ego complete with rich emotional, psychological, and social lives as well as elaborate costumes for use in court or on the battlefield.
Filmmaker James D. Scurlock examines the outrageous practices that consumer-lending and credit-card companies use to rack up huge profits while bleeding customers dry. Interviews include a woman declared dead by the credit bureaus and two Minneapolis entrepreneurs who use debtors' personal information to humiliate them into paying up.
Erik Ponti's home life is a nightmare. His abusive stepfather subjects him to systematic beatings while his terrified mother turns a blind eye. When Erik (Andreas Wilson) is expelled from school for pummeling an innocent boy, he is sent to an elite boarding school that seems the picture of tranquility. But the school is run by a brutal group of upperclassmen who routinely beat and humiliate weaker students.
Although the world championship of air-guitar playing has been held since 1996, Americans have been competing for the world crown only since 2003. Hundreds of hopefuls converge on New York's Pussycat Lounge to compete for the honor of representing the U.S. at the international contest in Finland.
With the advent of World War I, Europe is thrown into a brutal and vicious chaos as men are forced to kill or be killed. While blood soaks the battlefield as Christmas approaches, the men in the trenches of the Western Front face a transformation, however fleeting, toward peace and goodwill. Against all odds, four unlikely individuals from opposing sides (Diane Kruger, Benno Fürmann, Guillaume Canet, Gary Lewis) bond during this bloodless respite to experience the hope and goodness in humanity.
Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet narrate an exploration of the exotic and rarely seen ecosystems that thrive in the deepest sections of the ocean. Divers photograph the most colorful undersea life, highlighting the symbiosis and biological traits these undersea creatures have developed to survive at such depths. Turtles gather algae to clean their shells, giant squid rapidly change color and divers witness the yearly spawning of a coral reef in the Gulf of Mexico.
Actor, writer and comic Dave Chappelle loads up a bus with residents of his Ohio hometown and takes them to Brooklyn, N.Y. Once there, the travelers enjoy a concert featuring Kanye West, the Fugees, Big Daddy Kane and others. Rehearsal footage and Chappelle's brand of comedy enliven the proceedings.
Of identical twin brothers Jacob (Conor Donovan) and Rudy, the latter is the more outgoing, serving as de facto leader of their group of friends. The brothers ignite the ire of some local bullies, who come to take revenge, and Rudy dies. Jacob, his parents, friends and the community must find a way to deal with their grief.
Filmmaker Michael Glawogger chronicles examples of horrific, dangerous and backbreaking jobs from around the world, such as coal-mining in Ukraine, collecting sulfur from volcanoes in Indonesia, manufacturing steel in China and dismantling oil tankers by hand in Pakistan.
Jacob Petersen (Mads Mikkelsen) dedicates his life to helping street children in India, and when the orphanage he leads may be closed, he receives an interesting offer. A businessman will give him $4 million -- with conditions. Jacob must return to Denmark and take part in the wedding of the man's daughter; the event is a crucial meeting of past and future, throwing Jacob into the most-intense dilemma of his life.
A South African hoodlum named Tsotsi (Presley Chweneyagae) lives by a code of violence, and he and his gang of thugs prowl the streets of Johannesburg day and night, attacking those who fail to give them what they want. After casually shooting a woman and stealing her car, he discovers her baby in the back seat. Instead of harming the mewling infant, he takes it home and cares for it. The child acts as a catalyst for the hardened thug to regain his humanity.
Brian Jackson (James McAvoy), a working-class youth from Essex, gets a chance to prove himself when he is accepted to respected Bristol University. As Brian navigates his way through his first year there, he finds romance with two pretty students (Alice Eve, Rebecca Hall) and tries out for a popular TV program called "University Challenge."
Hundreds of years ago there was a battle between the Warriors of Light and the evil Warriors of Darkness. Realizing that they were evenly matched, the two sides agreed to a truce. The fragile peace between good and evil is kept in place by two groups: the Day Watch and the Night Watch, each monitoring the opposing side. Now Night Watch member Anton Gorodetsky (Konstantin Khabensky) finds himself at the center of a prophecy that may mark the end of the delicate balance between the two sides.
The frozen wasteland of Antarctica serves as the background for a tale about the bonds of friendship and loyalty. Three members of a scientific expedition, Jerry Shepard (Paul Walker), his friend Cooper (Jason Biggs) and an American geologist (Bruce Greenwood), must leave their beloved sled dogs behind after a devastating accident and increasingly perilous weather conditions. Alone, the dogs struggle to survive the harsh Antarctic winter.
Since women are banned from soccer matches, Iranian females masquerade as males so they can slip into Tehran's stadium to see the game between Iran and Bahrain. The ones who are caught and arrested are taken to a holding area and guarded by soldiers. One sympathetic soldier agrees to watch the game through a peephole and recount the action to the impatient fans.
In this animated film, explorer Ted (Will Ferrell) journeys to Africa hoping to recover an important artifact for his friend Bloomsberry (Dick Van Dyke), a museum director. Instead, however, he discovers an irrepressible little primate named George, who stows away on the ship back to New York City. There, Ted tries to stop plans to demolish the museum, but he has his hands full taking care of his new simian friend, whose curiosity may turn out to be more beneficial than anyone had imagined.
Shot over the span of two nights in the summer of 2005 at Ryman Auditorium in Nashville, Tenn., this Jonathan Demme concert film combines interviews with Neil Young and other band members with the premiere of various songs from the album "Prairie Wind." The concert film also features a special acoustic encore of older Young songs, as a special favor to Demme for the purposes of the film. Songs performed include "Far from Home," "Heart of Gold," "Harvest Moon," and "Comes a Time."
Career-minded Kenya McQueen is set up on a blind date with architect Brian Kelly, but backs out when she realizes that he is white. Impressed with his work on a friend's mansion, McQueen hires Kelly to design her new garden -- and he sweeps her off her feet. But, after her friends introduce her to executive Mark Harper, McQueen must choose between the type of man she always dreamed she wanted and giving in to life's little surprises.
When brash Texas border officer Mike Norton (Barry Pepper) wrongfully kills and buries the friend and ranch hand of Pete Perkins (Tommy Lee Jones), the latter is reminded of a promise he made to bury his friend, Melquiades Estrada (Julio Cesar Cedillo), in his Mexican home town. He kidnaps Norton and exhumes Estrada's corpse, and the odd caravan sets out on horseback for Mexico. As Estrada's body begins to rot, Norton begins to unravel, but Perkins remains determined to honor his vow.
With some money in her pocket after the death of her husband, Mrs. Laura Henderson (Judi Dench) buys a theater and hires the irascible theater manager Vivian Van Damm (Bob Hoskins) to run the business, despite bad blood between the two. Henderson has a hit on her hands when she decides to add beautiful nude women to the stage shows at her Windmill Theatre. Though they are touched by tragedy, Henderson and her company bravely keep the theater active during the 1940-'41 Blitz of London.
Laura (Fanny Valette), a young philosophy student, lives with her immigrant family in a Jewish enclave in Paris, and is beginning to question the strict dictates of her religion. She feels bad for her sister Mathilde (Elsa Zylberstein), who is married to a philanderer and believes Judaism compels her to stay with him. When Laura meets an attractive Muslim named Djamel (Hedi Tillette de Clermont-Tonnerre), her sexual desire erodes her commitment to her faith even more.
Widower Cedric Brown (Colin Firth) hires Nanny McPhee (Emma Thompson) to care for his seven rambunctious children, who have chased away all previous nannies. Taunted by Simon (Thomas Sangster) and his siblings, Nanny McPhee uses mystical powers to instill discipline. And when the children's great-aunt and benefactor, Lady Adelaide Stitch (Angela Lansbury), threatens to separate the kids, the family pulls together under the guidance of Nanny McPhee.
Earthbound NASA scientists explore the surface of Mars via the transmissions of two robotic rovers named Spirit and Opportunity.
After a group of friends graduate from Delhi University, they listlessly haunt their old campus, until a British filmmaker (Alice Patten) casts them in a film she's making about freedom fighters under British rule. Although the group is largely apolitical, the tragic death of a friend owing to local government corruption awakens their patriotism. Inspired by the freedom fighters they represent in the film, the friends collectively decide to avenge the killing.
A tense firefight between bank robbery suspects and police is caught on video, and the footage is humiliating for the cops. So when master thief Yuen (Richie Ren) and his crew are tracked to a dilapidated apartment building, Commissioner Rebecca Fong (Kelly Chen) decides to attempt a new approach to fighting crime: media savvy. Rather than initiating a siege, Fong starts packaging the upcoming arrest as a reality show. But Yuen hasn't been caught yet, and he's ready to turn the tables on her.
Salesman Danny Wright (Greg Kinnear) is working through his shaky marriage and the untimely death of his child when he bumps into the similarly dispirited Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) in a Mexican dive bar. After they develop an unusual but meaningful bond, the brash Julian reveals that he is a contract killer, which doesn't bother Danny. Months later, a desperate Julian shows up at Danny's home and asks for a life-changing favor that truly puts their friendship to the test.
Jesus embarks on a quest across the African kingdom of Judea to spread a gospel of peace.
Since World War II, the United States has been almost constantly involved in combat, active participants in a string of wars fought entirely on foreign shores. Eugene Jarecki's documentary examines this phenomenon outside of partisan bickering, thoughtfully exploring what Eisenhower called "the business of war." Speaking to veterans of wars in Vietnam and Iraq, as well as military experts and journalists, the film discusses defense spending, foreign policy and the military-industrial complex.
Troy Bolton (Zac Efron), the star athlete at a small-town high school, falls for nerdy beauty Gabriella Montez (Vanessa Anne Hudgens) at a holiday karaoke party. When they return to campus, Troy and Gabriella audition for the upcoming school musical. Meanwhile, the jealous Sharpay Evans (Ashley Tisdale) conspires to squelch their chances. The two must struggle to make it to auditions while also meeting their existing obligations to the basketball team and the academic decathlon.
Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart), a lobbyist for big tobacco, finds it difficult to balance his duties defending the dangerous substance with those of being a good role model for his young son. Nick's life gets even more complicated when a liberal senator mounts an anti-smoking campaign that he must counter. Based on the novel by Christopher Buckley.
Right in the midst of important changes in her life, Bree Osborne (Felicity Huffman) learns that she fathered a son, Toby (Kevin Zegers), 17 years ago. Bailing him out of jail in New York, Bree poses as a Christian missionary. She plans to take Toby to his stepfather's house, but when she learns that the stepfather sexually abused the boy, Bree brings her son back to Los Angeles with her. As Toby begins to fall for Bree, she must find a way to reveal who she really is.
Filmmaker Ralph Arlyck returns to San Francisco to search for an adult he met as a boy in the 1960s.
Filmmaker John Tushinski interviews the former 1970s gay icon and porn star.
Tennis instructor Chris Wilton (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers) grows friendly with Tom Hewett (Matthew Goode), a wealthy student who shares an interest in opera. Invited to attend a performance with Tom, Chris meets the family and instantly attracts Tom's sister, Chloe (Emily Mortimer). Chris marries her to get a job with her millionaire father, Alec (Brian Cox), but a dangerous affair with Nola Rice (Scarlett Johansson), Tom's American girlfriend, threatens his newfound social status.
After the murder of 11 Israeli athletes and their coach at the 1972 Olympics, the Israeli government secretly assigns Avner Kaufman (Eric Bana) to carry out a series of strategic retaliations. With the help of a driver (Daniel Craig), a forger (Hanns Zischler), a bomb-maker (Mathieu Kassovitz) and a former soldier (Ciarán Hinds), Avner conducts a worldwide operation, targeting 11 individuals. As the assassinations pile up, Avner begins to doubt the morality of his actions.
After receiving a heart transplant, an enigmatic loner (Michel Subor) journeys to Tahiti to reconnect with the son he fathered many years earlier.
The Middle Eastern oil industry is the backdrop of this tense drama, which weaves together numerous story lines. Bennett Holiday (Jeffrey Wright) is an American lawyer in charge of facilitating a dubious merger of oil companies, while Bryan Woodman (Matt Damon), a Switzerland-based energy analyst, experiences both personal tragedy and opportunity during a visit with Arabian royalty. Meanwhile, veteran CIA agent Bob Barnes (George Clooney) uncovers an assassination plot with unsettling origins.
In 1963, rodeo cowboy Jack Twist (Jake Gyllenhaal) and ranch hand Ennis Del Mar (Heath Ledger) are hired by rancher Joe Aguirre (Randy Quaid) as sheep herders in Wyoming. One night on Brokeback Mountain, Jack makes a drunken pass at Ennis that is eventually reciprocated. Though Ennis marries his longtime sweetheart, Alma (Michelle Williams), and Jack marries a fellow rodeo rider (Anne Hathaway), the two men keep up their tortured and sporadic affair over the course of 20 years.
During the World War II bombings of London, four English siblings are sent to a country house where they will be safe. One day Lucy (Georgie Henley) finds a wardrobe that transports her to a magical world called Narnia. After coming back, she soon returns to Narnia with her brothers, Peter (William Moseley) and Edmund (Skandar Keynes), and her sister, Susan (Anna Popplewell). There they join the magical lion, Aslan (Liam Neeson), in the fight against the evil White Witch, Jadis (Tilda Swinton).
In 1994 Rwanda, simmering tensions between Hutus and Tutsis boil over into full-scale genocide. Two men, a priest named Father Christopher (John Hurt) and British schoolteacher Joe Connor (Hugh Dancy), get caught up in the conflict and stay behind to help those who seek shelter at the Ecole Technique Officielle.
New Zealander Burt Munro spent years perfecting his classic Indian motorcycle. The year is 1967, and Burt takes his machine to Utah's salt flats, where he attempts the impossible, using his dream bike to set a new world's record for speed. Based on a true story, the record Munro set more than three decades ago still has not been broken to this day.
Singer-songwriter Townes van Zandt was at the center of Austin's outlaw country scene in the 1970s, but, while friends like Waylon Jennings and Steve Earle went on to mainstream stardom, the mercurial Van Zandt retreated into a haze of alcoholism and mental illness. Through interviews and rarely seen live footage recorded throughout Van Zandt's performing and recording career, this sympathetic documentary traces his work and life, which was cut short on New Year's Day 1997, when he was 52.
After the death of her husband, Mrs. Palfrey (Joan Plowright) moves to London with the hope of gaining her independence and seeing her grandson. While she is staying at a residential hotel for senior citizens, she meets writer Ludovic Meyer (Rupert Friend) when she trips and falls on the street in front of his home. An unlikely friendship flourishes between them, bolstered by the fact that the residents are under the impression that Ludovic is Mrs. Palfrey's estranged grandson.
Irene (Vera Farmiga) is an upstate New York mother of two, married, holds a job as a supermarket checker, and is a cocaine addict. Her husband (Clint Jordan) is also a drug user, but does not support Irene's decision to enter rehab and clean up her life after she realizes how her drug use affects the children. In rehab she meets Bob (Hugh Dillon), a nurse whose sobriety success story further inspires her. But Irene soon finds beating addiction holds greater consequences than addiction itself.
Khaled (Ali Suliman) and Said (Kais Nashef) are Palestinian friends recruited by a terrorist group to become suicide bombers in Tel Aviv. Armed with explosives, they attempt to cross into Israel, but are pursued by suspicious border guards. Khaled returns to the terrorists, while Said sneaks into Israel and ponders detonating at another target. After Khaled and Said reunite to begin their mission again, Khaled has reconsidered, and tries to convince Said to give up the bombing as well.
The rise of country music legend Johnny Cash (Joaquin Phoenix) begins with his days as a boy growing up on the family farm, where he struggles under the scorn of his father (Robert Patrick). As the years pass, Cash ends up in Memphis, Tenn., with his wife, Vivian (Ginnifer Goodwin), and breaks into the music scene after finding his trademark sound. While on tour, Cash meets the love of his life, singer June Carter (Reese Witherspoon), but Cash's volatile lifestyle threatens to keep them apart.
The fourth movie in the Harry Potter franchise sees Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) returning for his fourth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, along with his friends, Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson). There is an upcoming tournament between the three major schools of magic, with one participant selected from each school by the Goblet of Fire. When Harry's name is drawn, even though he is not eligible and is a fourth player, he must compete in the dangerous contest.
A dedicated housewife (Emmanuelle Devos) offers unconditional love to her husband (Clovis Cornillac), despite his bad behavior.
In this adaptation of Jane Austen's beloved novel, Elizabeth Bennet (Keira Knightley) lives with her mother, father and sisters in the English countryside. As the eldest, she faces mounting pressure from her parents to marry. When the outspoken Elizabeth is introduced to the handsome and upper-class Mr. Darcy (Matthew MacFadyen), sparks fly. Although there is obvious chemistry between the two, Darcy's overly reserved nature threatens the fledgling relationship.
Comedian Sarah Silverman brings her patent, no-holds-barred humor to the stage in this performance film. Based almost entirely on Silverman's successful show of the same name which appeared on Broadway and generated considerable buzz, the movie blends stand-up with prerecorded sketches and even some musical performances. For Silverman, seemingly no topic is off-limits, as she squeezes jokes out of subjects including rape, Sept. 11 and the Holocaust.
After college student Taguchi (Kenji Mizuhashi) commits suicide, a number of young adults living in Tokyo witness terrifying visions transferred across the Internet. As more people disappear throughout the city, the Internet becomes a breeding ground for malevolent spirits. Three seemingly disconnected stories follow Michi (Kumiko Aso), Ryosuke (Haruhiko Katô) and Harue (Koyuki) as they attempt to solve the mystery behind the ghostly visions that are seeping beyond their computer monitors.
The controversial retail giant Walmart faces the scrutiny of filmmaker Robert Greenwald in this documentary showcasing the adverse effects the behemoth inflicts on communities and individuals. Conducting interviews with former and current Walmart employees, Greenwald gets an insider's look into some of the corporation's alleged nefarious and exploitative labor practices. The film also explores the economic impact of Walmart on small businesses and communities.
The year is 1938, and Mahatma Gandhi's groundbreaking philosophies are sweeping across India, but 8-year-old Chuyia (Sarala), newly widowed, must go to live with other outcast widows on an ashram. Her presence transforms the ashram as she befriends two of her compatriots (Seema Biswas, Lisa Ray).
Native American Ray (Timothy Vahle) heads home after graduating from college to help run his family's shabby ski resort. Believing that Tina (Mariana Tosca), a beautiful lodge guest, is an incognito travel guide critic, he decides to improve the quality of the family business. In reality, Tina is at the lodge in search of romance and, in a twist of fate, ends up falling for Ray. When Stu (M. Emmet Walsh), an actual critic, shows up, he is greeted with the staff's typical disorganization.
In the late 1980s, Anthony Swofford (Jake Gyllenhaal) enlists as a Marine, training in boot camp under a sadistic drill instructor. Swofford undertakes a sniper course headed by Staff Sgt. Sykes (Jamie Foxx) during this time, which is shortly before the advent of the Gulf War. When the United States becomes involved, Swofford is shipped out, along with his spotter, Alan Troy (Peter Sarsgaard). Facing uncertainty each day -- about the war and home -- the soldiers try to maintain composure.
Arthur "Killer" Kane, former New York Dolls bassist, becomes a Mormon after hitting rock bottom.
When documentarian Nicole Conn and her partner, Gwendolyn Baba, decide to adopt a child in 2002, their surrogate mother turns out to have serious undisclosed medical issues. Refusing to terminate their child, the two choose to have Nicholas born 100 days early, leaving the under-one-pound infant with a very small chance of survival. Nicole and Gwendolyn battle to keep Nicholas alive, while the stress of the medical emergencies tests their relationship.
From 1909 to 1929, the Ballets Russes traveled the globe, becoming one of the most famous ballet troupes in the world as they collaborated with painters and filmmakers, and setting new standards for artistry in dance production. When their impresario, Sergei Diaghilev, died in 1929, the company's glory years came to an end, but their legend persisted through the 20th century. A 2000 reunion of surviving members in New Orleans provides the world with an opportunity to pay tribute.
Following the stories of seven exonerated prisoners, "After Innocence" documents how DNA evidence led to the release of these wrongfully imprisoned, innocent men. Free after years -- and in some cases decades -- behind bars and on death row, these men struggle to transition back into society with inadequate support from the judicial system that wronged them. "After Innocence" brings to light flaws in the criminal justice system and the need for reform.
This documentary tells the story of 27-year-old Ghanaian Emmanuel Ofosu Yeboah, born with a deformed leg. The disabled are often disdained or even murdered at birth in Africa, but Emmanuel is determined to be a part of society. After receiving a bicycle, thanks to a grant for handicapped athletes, Emmanuel rides across Ghana, challenging stereotypes in the process. Emmanuel travels to America to receive a prosthetic leg and spreads awareness of human rights for the disabled everywhere he goes.
Two-bit crook Harry Lockhart (Robert Downey Jr.) stumbles into an audition for a mystery film while on the run from the cops. Winning the part, he lands in Hollywood, where he's flung into a tangled, murderous conspiracy with his childhood sweetheart, Harmony Lane (Michelle Monaghan), and hard-boiled private eye Perry van Shrike (Val Kilmer). This deadpan, affectionate parody of film noir tropes is named for film critic Pauline Kael's influential 1968 collection of film reviews and essays.
Single mother Josey Aimes (Charlize Theron) is part of a group of the first women to work at a local iron mine in Minnesota. Offended that they have to work with women, male workers at Eveleth Mines lash out at them and subject them to sexual harassment. Appalled by the constant stream of insults, sexually explicit language and physical abuse, Josey -- despite being cautioned against it by family and friends -- files a historic sexual harassment lawsuit.
Ben Crane (Kurt Russell) is a horse trainer who is struggling to connect with his precocious daughter, Cale (Dakota Fanning). But then a horse by the name of Soñador suffers a broken leg after its evil owner (David Morse) races her despite Ben's advice. Rather than put his client's injured horse down, Ben adopts her and welcomes Cale into the family business. They train Soñador to race again as grouchy but kind-hearted Grandpa (Kris Kristofferson) lends his encouragement.
Moshe (Shuli Rand) and Malli (Michal Bat-Sheva Rand), an Orthodox Jewish couple in Jerusalem, are childless and without means to celebrate the weeklong holiday of Succoth. After much prayer, they receive unexpected money, and Moshe is told about an abandoned shack where he and Malli can properly deprive themselves and receive guests. However, they are visited by two ex-convicts with an unexpected link to Moshe's past, and the celebration becomes a series of emotional trials.
The lives of nine women occasionally overlap as they deal with unfaithfulness, loss, romance and parenthood. Cancer patient Camille (Kathy Baker) has a difficult time facing her life-threatening disease, prisoner Sandra (Elpidia Carrillo) desperately looks forward to seeing her child on visiting day, Maggie (Glenn Close) and her daughter have a heart-to-heart conversation in a graveyard and Sonia (Holly Hunter) is enraged when she realizes her boyfriend is seeing another woman.
Reunited on their 21st birthday, twin sisters (Tia Mowry, Tamera Mowry) use their magic powers to save their kingdom from the forces of darkness.
Marc Thiriez (Vincent Lindon) is an architect who's worn a mustache for many years. Now approaching middle age, he decides to shave it off, naturally expecting others to notice. But when his wife, Agnes (Emmanuelle Devos), ignores the change, he's perturbed. When he asks why, she insists that he hasn't had a mustache for years. When he confronts other friends and colleagues about it, they too tell the same story. As Marc grows increasingly paranoid, his loved ones consider having him committed.
A director tries to shoot an adaptation of a novel that is considered to be impossible to film.
Irresponsible party girl Maggie (Cameron Diaz) is kicked out of her father's (Ken Howard) and stepmother's (Candice Azzara) home, where she lives for free, and is taken in by her hard-working sister, Philadelphia lawyer Rose (Toni Collette). After Maggie's disruptive ways ruin her sister's love life, Rose turns her out as well. But when their grandmother, who they never knew existed, comes into their lives, the sisters face some complicated truths about themselves and their family.
When Senator Joseph McCarthy begins his foolhardy campaign to root out Communists in America, CBS News impresario Edward R. Murrow (David Strathairn) dedicates himself to exposing the atrocities being committed by McCarthy's Senate "investigation." Murrow is supported by a news team that includes long-time friend and producer Fred Friendly (George Clooney). The CBS team does its best to point out the senator's lies and excesses, despite pressure from CBS' corporate sponsors to desist.
A talented young musician (Anuchit Saphanphong) plays the Thai xylophone for a prince's court.
A pair of brothers living in Brooklyn are caught in the middle of, and deeply affected by, the divorce of their erudite parents, Bernard (Jeff Daniels) and Joan Berkman (Laura Linney). Older sibling Walt (Jesse Eisenberg) sides with dad and acts out at school, while younger brother Frank (Owen Kline) quietly backs up mom. The household tension rises further when Joan's writing career takes off and surpasses the failed ambitions of her professor ex-husband.
An orphan (Barney Clark) in 19th-century London falls in with a gang of young pickpockets who steal for their villainous master (Ben Kingsley).
When a pair of petty criminals attempt to rob his small-town diner, Tom Stall (Viggo Mortensen) quickly and easily kills them both. In the flush of news coverage of Tom's seemingly heroic actions, a threatening stranger named Carl Fogarty (Ed Harris) comes to town, fingering the unassuming family man as long-missing Philadelphia mobster Joey Cusack. To the horror of his wife, Edie (Maria Bello), and teenage son, Jack (Ashton Holmes), Tom finds he must confront his violent past.
Xan (Alexander Michaletos) lives on a ranch in Kenya with his mother (Hope Davis) and father (Campbell Scott). When the family stumbles upon an abandoned baby cheetah one afternoon, Xan takes the cub in and begins to care for it as if it were his own. Over time, Xan grows incredibly attached to the cheetah, which the family names Duma. But some relationships cannot last, and in this case, Xan must learn the hard lesson that not all animals are meant to be domesticated.
Filmmaker Deborah Koons Garcia examines agribusiness' aggressive push for genetically modified food.
Gabe (Josh Hutcherson), a sixth grader, is partnered with Rosemary (Charlie Ray) in his karate class. Though he's known her a long time, Rosemary suddenly becomes his first crush. At home, Gabe's unhappy parents, Adam (Bradley Whitford) and Leslie (Cynthia Nixon), are waiting for their divorce to be finalized. Gabe and Rosemary begin dating, but when he realizes she'll be going away to camp soon, he panics. His attempts to permanently win her over backfire, leaving him confused and miserable.
Blue-collar Francis Ouimet (Shia LaBeouf) fights class prejudice while mastering golf, a game guarded by the upper crust. Employed as a caddy at the exclusive Brookline Country Club, Francis fine-tunes his skills during off hours. His father, Arthur (Elias Koteas), disapproves, but a few admirers help Francis enter the 1913 U.S. Open. The underdog competes against British star Harry Vardon (Stephen Dillane) and finds common ground with his boyhood idol. The film is based on a true story.
A Pakistani (Ayad Akhtar) stays in the home of his longtime friend (Firdous Bamji) while planning a terrorist attack in New York.
Evelyn Ryan (Julianne Moore) suffers in her marriage to Kelly (Woody Harrelson), a slovenly alcoholic whose only consistent quality is his utter lack of respect for her. As Evelyn struggles to make ends meet and care for their 10 children, she begins to turn to contests as a source of entertainment and much-needed income. To the amazement of her friends and family, Evelyn's quick wit leads her to pen prizewinning amateur jingles and one-liners for products all across the spectrum.
In this continuation of the television series "Firefly," a group of rebels travels the outskirts of space aboard their ship, Serenity, outside the reach of the Alliance, a sinister regime that controls most of the universe. After the crew takes in Simon (Sean Maher) and his psychic sister, River (Summer Glau), whom he has just rescued from Alliance forces, they find themselves being pursued by the Operative (Chiwetel Ejiofor), an Alliance agent who will stop at nothing to find them.
Reading of the murder of a Kansas family, New York City novelist Truman Capote (Philip Seymour Hoffman) decides to cover the story himself, and travels to the small town with his childhood friend, aspiring novelist Harper Lee (Catherine Keener). When Perry Smith (Clifton Collins Jr.) and Dick Hickock (Mark Pellegrino) are arrested and charged, Capote forms an emotional bond with Smith during his jailhouse interviews despite the young criminal's apparent guilt.
Russian army recruits complete training and take their posting in late 1980s Afghanistan, where the insurgents are slowly gaining the upper hand.
This poignant post-Katrina documentary looks at New Orleans' richly diverse musical history. Featuring performances from Fats Domino, The Neville Brothers, Snooks Eaglin and others, the concert film also culls from past interviews with performers, including Bonnie Raitt and Keith Richards, who reflect upon how the singular sound of New Orleans registers in their music. It's a celebration of African, Caribbean and French influences mingling with the Americana sounds of jazz, blues and gospel.
Xavier (Bow Wow), a teenage boy in Chicago, struggles with the loss of his mother and turns to roller skating as a way to deal with his angst. He and his friends are the stars of the skating rink they frequent, but this is about to change. When it closes down, they have no choice but to try out a more upscale spot, the Sweetwater Roller Rink. There, they enroll in a skating contest, and have to prove themselves to the reigning champions, headed by a skater named Sweetness.
Fiona (Fiona Gordon), the manager of a fast-food restaurant, accidentally locks herself in the store's freezer overnight. Following her rescue, she returns home and is dismayed to learn that her husband (Dominique Abel) and children failed to notice her absence. Now attracted to frosty things, Fiona hires a sailor (Philippe Martz) to take her to live on an iceberg.
Keane (Damian Lewis) is a mentally unbalanced man who roams the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York City, looking for his daughter, who was supposedly kidnapped a year earlier. When he's not at the bus station he holes up in a dingy hotel, numbing himself with drugs and alcohol. But when Lynn (Amy Ryan), a young single mother, and her daughter, Kira (Abigail Breslin), check into the hotel, Keane reaches out to help them, and he ends up helping himself at the same time.
Victor (Johnny Depp) and Victoria's (Emily Watson) families have arranged their marriage. Though they like each other, Victor is nervous about the ceremony. While he's in a forest practicing his lines for the wedding, a tree branch becomes a hand that drags him to the land of the dead. It belongs to Emily, who was murdered after eloping with her love and wants to marry Victor. Victor must get back aboveground before Victoria marries the villainous Barkis Bittern (Richard E. Grant).
The 20-year arms dealing career of Queens, N.Y., outcast Yuri Orlov (Nicolas Cage) serves as a window onto the end of the Cold War and the emergence of worldwide terrorism. He finds himself reassuring his more ethically challenged younger brother, Vitaly (Jared Leto), while adeptly sidestepping the pursuit of federal agent Jack Lawrence (Ethan Hawke). The globetrotting arms dealer also pursues the woman of his dreams, supermodel Ava Fontaine (Bridget Moynahan).
A young Jewish-American man obsessed with his family history, Jonathan Safran Foer (Elijah Wood) decides to journey to the Ukraine to find out more about the life of his grandfather. Guided by Alex (Eugene Hutz), a rap-obsessed local, Jonathan ventures into the heartland of the Ukraine seeking to shed light on events that occurred to his grandfather during World War II. Joining Jonathan and Alex is the latter's surly grandfather (Boris Leskin) and a dog named Sammy Davis Jr. Jr.
In the strange land known as suburbia, introverted adolescent Justin (Lou Pucci) spends the majority of his life pining after his attractive classmate Rebecca (Kelli Garner) and nervously sucking his thumb when he's alone. Oddly, after receiving some New Age advice from his spacey orthodontist, Perry (Keanu Reeves) -- and a helpful dose of prescription pills -- Justin becomes the outspoken star of his school's debate club. His extroverted persona, however, causes an all-new set of problems.
A chef (Saif Ali Khan) and a medical student (Preity Zinta) test their compatibility by living together for a year.
Milo (Zlatko Buric) is a drug dealer and recovering addict who's slowly coming unraveled. While trying to prepare for his daughter Milena's (Marinela Dekic) birthday party, he discovers the shipment of heroin he was expecting is actually Ecstasy. Milo gives the pills to small-fry dealer Mohammed (Ilyas Agac) and, as the party begins, starts using narcotics again. Things go from bad to worse when Mohammad doesn't return, and Milo's Albanian connection demands payment for the Ecstasy.
New York film programmer John Pierson decides to pull up stakes and relocate his wife Janet, son Wyatt, and daughter Georgia to Fiji for a year. It's there that he purchases the 180 Meridian, ostensibly the most isolated movie theater on Earth. Despite a multitude of problems -- a drunk projectionist, bouts with dengue fever, local priests who disapprove -- the theater proves a success with locals, and documentary filmmaker Steve James chronicles the last month of their experiment.
Assigned to a new post, reserved British diplomat Justin Quayle (Ralph Fiennes) relocates to Kenya with his lovely young wife, Tessa (Rachel Weisz), an activist for social justice. When Tessa is found murdered out in the wilderness, circumstances point to her friend, Dr. Arnold Bluhm (Hubert Koundé), but it is soon clear that he's not the killer. Grief-stricken and angry, Justin sets out to uncover the truth behind Tessa's murder -- and in the process, he unearths some disturbing revelations.
Ledda (Jan Decleir), an aging mob hit man, learns he has Alzheimer's disease and agrees to one last job. The intended victim, though, turns out to be a 12-year-old girl (Laurien Van den Broeck), and Ledda refuses to kill her. As a result, his boss (Gene Bervoets) puts a price on his head. Meanwhile, two police officers (Koen De Bouw, Werner De Smedt) have connected Ledda to a string of murders. To get revenge against his former boss, Ledda must battle the police and his own failing memory.
A ruthless owner of greyhounds grudgingly agrees to let a schoolboy (Tyrone McKenna) raise a dog.
Andy Stitzer (Steve Carell) is an amiable single guy who works at a big-box store. Living alone, 40-year-old Andy spends his free time playing video games and curating his action-figure collection. Despite his age, Andy has never had sex, so his friends, including the laid-back David (Paul Rudd), push Andy towards losing his virginity. While attempting to get over his awkwardness around female customers, Andy meets local shop owner Trish (Catherine Keener), and they begin a tentative romance.
In the wake of her grandmother's funeral, hotel manager Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is waiting to fly back home when she meets charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy) at check-in. She thinks it luck that they're seated together on the plane, but soon learns otherwise. Jackson hopes to assassinate the head of Homeland Security, but to do so, he needs Lisa to reassign the official's room number at her hotel. As insurance, Jackson has kidnapped Lisa's father (Brian Cox).
Pieced together from Timothy Treadwell's actual video footage, Werner Herzog's remarkable documentary examines the calling that drove Treadwell to live among a tribe of wild grizzly bears on an Alaskan reserve. A devoted conservationist with a passion for adventure, Timothy believed he had bridged the gap between human and beast. When one of the bears he loved and protected tragically turns on him, the footage he shot serves as a window into our understanding of nature and its grim realities.
By combining archived footage and excerpts from personal diaries brought dramatically to life by an actor (Kenneth Branagh), the filmmakers manage to take viewers into the disquieted mind of Joseph Goebbels, the Nazi propaganda minister who unleashed hate and chaos onto the world. Fueled by demons he could never master, which led to manic depression and restless thoughts, Goebbels is also shown to have a caring attitude toward his family, which only underscores the tragedy of his existence.
Alexander Stille narrates the film based on his 1995 book of the same name, which chronicles the efforts of Italian prosecutors Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino to bring the Sicilian Mafia to justice. After years of futility, Falcone and Borsellino strike a massive blow, convicting more than 350 mafiosi. Five years later, both would die within months of each other at the hands of the mob. The film also features the gritty work of anti-Mafia photojournalist Letizia Battaglia.
When his latest girlfriend (Julie Delpy) leaves him, retired computer magnate Don Johnston (Bill Murray) has no greater ambition than to sit around the house. When he receives an anonymous letter from a former girlfriend claiming he has a 19-year-old son he's never met, Don doesn't even think to follow up. It's not until his neighbor, a mystery fan, encourages him that Don resolves to visit the exes who seem the most likely candidates and find out the truth.
The year 1954 finds teen outcast Ralph Walker (Adam Butcher) getting in trouble at the Catholic school he attends in Ontario, Canada. When the headmaster (Gordon Pinsent) catches Ralph smoking, he puts the boy on the school's cross-county team to force him to put his time to better use. When Ralph discovers that his hospitalized mother has slipped into a coma, he decides to run in the Boston Marathon, hoping that, if he wins, God will grant him a miracle and make his mother well again.
Soldiers from the war live among local villagers.
On the way to meet with an independent artist in the South, newlywed art dealer Madeleine (Embeth Davidtz) is convinced by her husband, George (Alessandro Nivola), that they should stop to meet his family in North Carolina. Madeleine's affluent lifestyle clashes with the family, but she befriends George's wide-eyed and pregnant sister-in-law, Ashley (Amy Adams), who is nearing her due date. Through the family, Madeleine gains greater insight into George's character.
Filmmaker Nicolas Rossier examines the 2004 coup in Haiti that lead to the removal of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
In the early 1970s, teenage friends Ma Jianling (Ye Liu) and Luo Min (Chen Kun) are forced to move to a remote mountain village for re-education during China's Cultural Revolution. Luo falls in love with a beautiful girl known as the Little Seamstress (Zhou Xun), who thirsts for the Western music and literature that the village chief (Chen Tianlu) considers insufficiently Maoist. The friends read to her from a cache of suppressed European literature that opens her mind to new possibilities.
This documentary about the world's funniest dirty joke features over 100 stand-up and performing comedians discussing and telling the joke. Since the joke, which can involve a great deal of improvisation, is so profane, usually only comedians have heard it, and it became legendary as a way for comedians to perform and top each other backstage. The film discusses the camaraderie within the comedy world that inspired the joke in the first place, as well as the role of obscenity within humor.
Lee Geum-ja (Lee Yeong-ae) has spent the last 13 years in prison for a murder she didn't commit. She's fantasized about getting revenge on the various people who wronged her, including the police officer (Nam Il-woo) who forced her to confess and a shady teacher (Choi Min-sik) with whom she has a checkered past. After her release, she teams up with a group of eccentric friends she made while behind bars and sets out to clear her name and find the daughter she was forced to leave behind.
Nansal (Nansal Batchuluun), the oldest daughter of a nomadic Mongolian family, finds a small dog and names him Zochor. Her father refuses to let her keep it, believing it will bring the family bad luck and lead wolves to their sheep. Nansal decides to defy her father by hiding her four-legged friend but as winter approaches and the family prepares to move camps, Zochor is tied to a post by Nansal's father. He is forced to reconsider after the dog protects their youngest child from vultures.
Sebastien (George Babluani) is a Georgian emigrant in France who takes a roofing job to earn some money. After his employer dies before paying him, he pilfers a train ticket and a letter which he thinks may lead him to some quick cash. Instead, Sebastien becomes the latest player of a deadly game in which gamblers bet on the outcomes of Russian roulette matches.
DJay (Terrence Howard) is a pimp living day to day on the tough streets of Memphis, Tennessee. Pushing 40, he's tired of the life he's living and dreams of something greater. When he meets up with an old friend who is now in the recording industry, he's inspired to turn his life around and uses his criminal life as an inspiration to create rap music. When he hears that a rap superstar is coming to town, Djay works a hustle to gain the rapper's attention and hopefully get signed by a label.
A community-wide battle over free speech is ignited in the most unlikely of places: Utah's sleepy Mormon country, which for the most part leans conservative in its politics. The brouhaha starts prior to the 2004 presidential election, when Utah Valley State College's student body invites Michael Moore, the incendiary filmmaker behind "Bowling for Columbine," to give a speech on campus. This is met by public outrage, death threats and even a bribery attempt to stop the visit from taking place.
This documentary film traces musician Bob Dylan's evolution from folk troubadour to iconic rock star. Live concert footage and press conferences from the 1960s and a new interview with Dylan are used to draw a portrait of the legendary singer-songwriter. Additionally, the film features interviews conducted with some of Dylan's closest friends and fellow artists, including poet Allen Ginsberg, former love interest and noted performer Joan Baez, and Dylan's early mentor, Pete Seeger.
Jeremy (Vince Vaughn) and John (Owen Wilson) are divorce mediators who spend their free time crashing wedding receptions. For the irrepressible duo, there are few better ways to drink for free and bed vulnerable women. So when Secretary of the Treasury William Cleary (Christopher Walken) announces the wedding of his daughter, the pair make it their mission to crash the high-profile event. But their game hits a bump in the road when John locks eyes with bridesmaid Claire (Rachel McAdams).
From the streets of inner city Jersey City, N.J., three teenage girls cross paths in a juvenile detention center. All victims of poverty, each girl has her own demons to face. Suzette Williams (Anny Mariano) is a mother-to-be at 15 years old, without the support of the father. Oz (Judy Marte) is a hard-as-nails drug dealer who uses her tough exterior to mask her more gentle nature. Already a mother, Marisol Pagan (Paola Mendoza) struggles with drug addiction and maintaining custody of her child.
In northern Bohemia, Monika (Tatiana Vilhelmová) awaits an invitation to join her boyfriend in the U.S., while free-spirited suitor Tonik (Pavel Liska) tries to gain her affection. Their unstable friend, Dasha (Anna Geislerová), is having a tumultuous affair with a married man that eventually leads to her having a nervous breakdown. When she is sent to a mental institution, Tonik and Monika agree to care for Dasha's two kids, and Tonik hopes to win Monika's heart in the process.
A Vietnamese youth (Damien Nguyen) of mixed race undertakes an arduous journey to the United States to find his American father (Nick Nolte).
Reporter Manolo Bonilla (John Alberto Leguizamo) goes to a jail in Ecuador to interview Vinicio Cepeda (Damián Alcázar), a hit-and-run driver whose crime incited a riot. After Cepeda tells him he knows where a murderer called the Monster of Babahoyo buried a young female victim, Bonilla posts bail in the hopes that he'll learn more about the crime. Bonilla finds the girl's body, but, as he nears the scoop of his career, it looks as if Cepeda might be withholding some key details.
Tom Seyr (Romain Duris), a violent thug with a heart, grows weary of cracking heads for his smarmy, mediocre gangster father, Robert (Niels Arestrup), and longs for a chance at something else. A fortuitous encounter prompts Tom to renew his classical piano playing, like his mother before him, and he begins to study with piano teacher Miao Lin (Linh Dan Pham). But when he starts a passionate affair with Aline (Aure Atika), the wife of one of his cronies, his new happiness may be short-lived.
While shouldering the burden of cleaning his family's sleazy motor inn, 13-year-old Ernest (Jeffrey Chyau) dreams of being a writer. A ne'er-do-well named Sam (Sung Kang) arrives for a night but stays longer, and the fatherless boy sees in him a male figure to emulate.
Chimo (Mohammed Khouas), age 19, lives with his mother. Rather than taking advantage of a Paris writing school scholarship, the unemployed aspiring writer kills time with his friend Mouloud (Karim Ben Haddou) on the streets of Marseilles. Chimo develops a crush on Lila (Vahina Giocante), a sexually experienced 16-year-old who moves into the neighborhood. They begin spending time together, alarming both Lila's possessive aunt (Edmonde Franchi) and Mouloud, who's jealous of his friend.
At the end of each Antarctic summer, the emperor penguins of the South Pole journey to their traditional breeding grounds in a fascinating mating ritual that is captured in this documentary by intrepid filmmaker Luc Jacquet. The journey across frozen tundra proves to be the simplest part of the ritual, as after the egg is hatched, the female must delicately transfer it to the male and make her way back to the distant sea to nourish herself and bring back food to her newborn chick.
Single dad Richard (John Hawkes) meets Christine (Miranda July), a starving artist who moonlights as a cabbie. They awkwardly attempt to start a romance, but Richard's divorce has left him emotionally damaged, and he struggles to remain open to the possibilities of this new relationship. Meanwhile, Richard's sons, the adolescent Peter (Miles Thompson) and 6-year-old Robby (Brandon Ratcliff), take part in their own clumsy experiments with the opposite sex.
Celebrated fashion photographer David LaChapelle makes his documentary filmmaking debut with a visually arresting film shot on the streets of Los Angeles' gritty South Central neighborhood. After his community is nearly destroyed in the days of violent race riots after the 1992 Rodney King verdict, dancer Tommy "The Clown" Johnson creates a kinetic, athletic form of hip-hop competitive dancing that he dubs clowning, which later breaks through to the mainstream as krumping.
A young girl is forced to toil in her parents' hat shop and her only joy is in her occasional meetings with a handsome stranger, Howl the wizard. When a witch sees her happiness, she curses her to become old in a jealous rage. Ashamed and afraid, she flees to Howl's magic moving castle. Will Howl see her for who she really is?
This nature documentary shows the lives of different animals in and near the oceans that make up two-thirds of the planet's surface. Gray whales make their migratory journeys despite being menaced by killer whiles, while smaller fish struggle to stay alive. In the Arctic, penguins and polar bears endure the winter, while on beaches crabs emerge to feed. Meanwhile, five miles under the water, unusual forms of life thrive -- many of them in places less explored than the moon.
A young Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) travels to the Far East, where he's trained in the martial arts by Henri Ducard (Liam Neeson), a member of the mysterious League of Shadows. When Ducard reveals the League's true purpose -- the complete destruction of Gotham City -- Wayne returns to Gotham intent on cleaning up the city without resorting to murder. With the help of Alfred (Michael Caine), his loyal butler, and Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman), a tech expert at Wayne Enterprises, Batman is born.
Filmed over a period of seven years, director Ward Serrill profiles Bill Resler, a university professor who coaches a basketball team comprised of high-school girls. Darnellia Russell, one of the team's few black players, also comes into focus as she struggles to stay on the team despite major obstacles.
Along with one (Edouard Nikitine) of her live-in lovers, a woman (Stéphanie Michelini) returns to her home village to visit her dying mother.
Bridget (Blake Lively), Carmen (America Ferrera), Lena (Alexis Bledel) and Tibby (Amber Tamblyn) are best friends living in Maryland. After many summers together, the four are finally going their separate ways for a few months: while Bridget heads to Mexico, and Lena visits family in Greece, Carmen and Tibby stay closer to home. No matter where they are, they are connected by a pair of jeans that they take turns sharing -- pants that fit all four girls and exemplify their tight bond.
During the Great Depression, ex-boxer James J. Braddock (Russell Crowe) works as a day laborer until his former manager Joe Gould (Paul Giamatti) offers him a one-time slot against a rising young contender. After he wins a shocking upset, Braddock goes back into the ring full time, against the wishes of his frightened wife, Mae (Renée Zellweger). Dubbed "The Cinderella Man" for his rags-to-riches story, Braddock sets his sights on the defending champion, the fearsome Max Baer (Craig Bierko).
While other minor sports like professional wrestling and auto racing boomed, the once-vibrant pro bowling circuit dwindled after its mid-20th-century heyday, so much so that it neared extinction in the 1990s. In this affectionate documentary, a quartet of professional bowlers discuss life in the big leagues, as famous bowling aficionados like basketball star Charles Barkley, journalist Bernard Goldberg and actor/director Timothy Busfield enthuse about their affection for the sport.
When two ambitious dreamers and schemers from a pair of dead-end towns meet up, girl and boy team Bunty and Babli is unleashed on the world, giving rise to a series of increasingly wild and wacky capers. From spiritual gurus to gangster and moll, from business partners to vagabonds, the duo runs circles around rajahs and millionaires, ministers and explorers, but most of all, policeman Dashrath Singh.
Wil (Michelle Krusiec) is a lesbian, but she not dare tell her widowed mother, Hwei-lan (Joan Chen), or her very traditional grandparents. She's shocked, however, to find out she's not the only one in her family with romantic secrets when she learns that her 48-year-old mother is pregnant. Unwilling to reveal who the father is, Hwei-lan is kicked out of her parents' home and must move in with Wil, which puts a strain on Wil's budding relationship with openly gay Vivian (Lynn Chen).
Leo Vrinks and Denis Klein are two cops seeking a promotion, and the competition between them becomes increasingly ruthless as they investigate a string of gang related robberies. Their frustration pushes them into Paris' criminal underworld, threatening to destroy them both.
Documentary filmmaker Marilyn Agrelo chronicles the lives of several New York City schoolchildren as they get ready for a dancing competition sponsored by the nonprofit group American Ballroom Theater. As the finals of the competition near, the students -- ranging in age from 10 to 11 and coming from both poor and affluent neighborhoods -- make their transformation from reticent novices to confident contestants versed in the Latin styles of foxtrot, merengue and rumba.
Three romantic tales take place in different eras. In "A Time for Love," set in 1966, a soldier (Chen Chang) meets an alluring pool-hall hostess (Shu Qi). "A Time for Freedom," set in 1911, focuses on a courtesan's relationship with a man during the Japanese occupation of Taiwan. In "A Time for Youth," set in 2005, a singer forsakes her female lover for a photographer.
It has been three years since the Clone Wars began. Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) and Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker (Hayden Christensen) rescue Chancellor Palpatine (Ian McDiarmid) from General Grievous, the commander of the droid armies, but Grievous escapes. Suspicions are raised within the Jedi Council concerning Chancellor Palpatine, with whom Anakin has formed a bond. Asked to spy on the chancellor, and full of bitterness toward the Jedi Council, Anakin embraces the Dark Side.
Documentarian Bradley Beesley, the friend and neighbor of Flaming Lips front man Wayne Coyne, goes deep into the world of this well-known art-rock outfit. Through new and old footage and interviews, Beesley portrays Coyne as a mostly average, hard-working guy who still lives in his home state of Oklahoma, but also shows some drama; band member Steven Drozd even shoots up heroin onscreen. The film also features live performances and appearances by famous fans.
Crime Boss Bart (Bob Hoskins) raises orphan Danny (Jet Li) with no knowledge of anything other than how to fight, using him as an enforcer when debts must be collected. Planning to enter Danny into a fight tournament and retire with the prize money, Bart disappears after a deadly drive-by shooting. Danny flees and takes shelter with kindly piano tuner Sam (Morgan Freeman). Away from Bart's abusive control, Danny learns how to live like a human and begins investigating his past.
An unnamed mid-level cocaine dealer (Daniel Craig) in London makes plans to step away from the criminal life. Before he can cut ties, the dealer's supplier Jimmy Price (Kenneth Cranham) draws him into a complicated pair of jobs involving kidnapping the teenage daughter of a rival gangster (Michael Gambon) and brokering the purchase of a large shipment of ecstasy pills from a dealer known as "the Duke" (Jamie Foreman), leading to a series of elaborate double-crosses from all corners.
In 1880s Australia, a lawman (Ray Winstone) offers renegade Charlie Burns (Guy Pearce) a difficult choice. In order to save his younger brother from the gallows, Charlie must hunt down and kill his older brother (Danny Huston), who is wanted for rape and murder. Venturing into one of the Outback's most inhospitable regions, Charlie faces a terrible moral dilemma that can end only in violence.
One youth (Brady Corbet) becomes obsessed with UFOs, while another (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) becomes a gay hustler in the years following a childhood trauma.
Arthur Dent (Martin Freeman) is trying to prevent his house from being bulldozed when his friend Ford Prefect (Mos Def) whisks him into outer space. It turns out Ford is an alien who has just saved Arthur from Earth's total annihilation. Ford introduces Arthur to his myriad friends, including many-headed President Zaphod Beeblebrox (Sam Rockwell) and sexy refugee Trillian (Zooey Deschanel). Arthur makes his way across the stars while seeking the meaning of life, or something close to it.
This documentary explores the fall of the Enron Corporation, arguably the most shocking example of modern corporate corruption. The company is linked with several illegal schemes, including instigating the California energy crisis as a way to drive up utility prices at the expense of the average American. In a hyper-competitive environment, Enron traders resort to all kinds of underhanded dealings in order to make money at any cost and keep their high-paying jobs.
Aging spinster sisters Ursula (Judi Dench) and Janet (Maggie Smith) discover a young man (Daniel Brühl) near death on the beach by their home in a small Cornish fishing village. Taking him in, they discover that he is Andrea, a violinist from Krakow, Poland, who had been swept off an ocean liner on which he was sailing to a fresh start in America. Although Ursula feels an unfamiliar spark of infatuation for the handsome young musician, propriety suggests the attraction must remain unspoken.
After being kept a prisoner in his own home for 35 years, a man (Nicholas Hope) accidentally kills his parents and escapes into the real world.
In Rio de Janeiro, a former drug dealer and a community activist use Afro-reggae music to transform a slum.
Ned (Jeremy Renner) is a bigoted young man whose antisocial behavior lands him in a mental hospital. There, Ned, who believes that racial minorities are inferior, meets Rachael (Gabrielle Union), an African-American patient who thinks Adolf Hitler has taken up residence within her. Ned spews racial slurs in her presence, but when it becomes clear that Rachael, though disturbed, isn't actually a bigot, they embark on a relationship that confounds everyone around them.
The patriarch (Tzi Ma) of a Chinese-American family plans to get away from it all when he retires, but the tumultuous lives of his rebellious daughters alter his plans. Eldest daughter, Samantha (Jacqueline Kim), reunites with an old flame and re-evaluates her life choices. Julie (Elaine Kao), a medical student, is in love with a celebrity. The youngest, Katie (Kathy Shao-Lin Lee) carries on an escalating war of pranks with a neighbor.
Under torture, Indian gangster Tiger Memon (Pavan Malhotra) confesses to his involvement in a plot to set off explosives throughout Bombay. The police choose not to believe him, however, and bombs tear through the city that Friday, wreaking havoc and polarizing the citizens of Bombay. Through a series of interviews, DCP Rakesh Maria (Kay Kay Menon) comes closer to discovering who the leader of the conspiracy is, but it soon becomes clear that a foreign power must be involved.
Documentary filmmaker Daniel Anker profiles the diversity of talented musicians who make up the world-renowned Philadelphia Orchestra. Beginning with the difficult philosophical question "what is music?" and continuing with an exploration of the nature of the creative process, Anker -- using a mix of candid personal accounts from the musicians, plus larger group discussions -- offers an insightful look into the often misconstrued or marginalized world of classical music.
This documentary chronicles Yao Ming's first year of playing in the National Basketball Association. When Ming signs with the Houston Rockets, he becomes the first player from China to play in the NBA, a feat that makes him immensely popular in his homeland. However, the style of play in the league is vastly different from that in China, and Yao initially struggles. As he becomes more familiar with his teammates and the American culture, however, Yao starts to excel on the court.
During the final leg of Major League Baseball's 2001 season, Giants batter Barry Bonds scores a historic 73rd home run at San Francisco's Pac Bell Park. Victorious in the ensuing scuffle for control of the record-breaking ball is spectator Patrick Hayashi -- a notion disputed by nearby Alex Popov, who claims Hayashi wrestled the ball from him. Director Michael Wranovics examines the resulting court battle, the media circus following the event and the obsessed fans behind the controversy.
Stuntwomen Jeannie Epper and Zoe Bell are experts at taking punches, swinging swords and being blown to bits. Epper first gained respect as Lynda Carter's stuntwoman on TV's "Wonder Woman," while Bell had a long run as Lucy Lawless' double on the series "Xena: Warrior Princess." But, in a primarily male profession, the women still have to struggle against sexism to find jobs. This documentary chronicles their uphill battle in Hollywood and their enduring friendship throughout it all.
When the hapless Sing (Stephen Chow) and his dim-witted pal, Bone (Feng Xiaogang), try to scam the residents of Pig Sty Alley into thinking they're members of the dreaded Axe Gang, the real gangsters descend on this Shanghai slum to restore their fearsome reputation. What gang leader Brother Sum (Chan Kwok-kwan) doesn't know is that three legendary retired kung fu masters (Yu Xing, Dong Zhihua, Chiu Chi-ling) live anonymously in this decrepit neighborhood and don't take kindly to interlopers.
When Ben Wrightman (Jimmy Fallon), a young teacher, begins dating pretty businesswoman Lindsey Meeks (Drew Barrymore), the two don't seem to have a lot of the same interests, but they fall in love, regardless. Their romance goes well until baseball season begins, and Lindsey soon realizes that Ben is completely obsessed with the Boston Red Sox. Though she tries to understand Ben's passionate team loyalty, eventually it threatens to end their otherwise happy relationship.
Melvin Van Peebles was one of the first black directors to challenge the white establishment in his films, which include "Watermelon Man" and "Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song." In this documentary, the life of Van Peebles is discussed, including his work not only in film, but also as a novelist, actor, musician, stock trader and even Air Force pilot. Interview subjects include Gil Scott-Heron, Spike lee and Melvin's son and fellow filmmaker, Mario Van Peebles.
A gangster (Lee Byung-Hun) starts a violent feud after he refuses to kill his boss's (Young-Chul Kim) cheating girlfriend.
Bulcsú (Sándor Csányi) is a subway enforcement officer working in the oppressively gray underground transit system in Hungary, whose job consists of ensuring commuters have paid to ride the train. A quirky young woman (Eszter Balla) catches his eye, and their relationship suggests that Bulcsú might escape from the drudgery of his subterranean life and finally see sunlight again. But first he needs to find out why passengers are jumping -- or being pushed -- to their deaths onto the tracks.
It has a reputation as the most dangerous race in the world: the Tecate SCORE Baja 1000 in Mexico. But every year, this one-of-a-kind event draws fans and enthusiasts determined to brave the harsh course, which includes deserts, swaths of cactus and the metallic carcasses of vehicles left for dead. This documentary about the 24-hour race includes interviews with drivers of everything from bikes to trucks, and from celebrities of the racing world to those looking for their first shot at glory.
In this quartet of neo-noir tales, a mysterious salesman (Josh Hartnett) narrates a tragic story of co-dependency, while a musclebound vigilante (Mickey Rourke) tears his way through the criminal underworld in search of his lost love (Jaime King). In another part of the city, a grizzled cop (Bruce Willis) foils the ambitions of a child-killer (Nick Stahl), and an ex-prostitute (Brittany Murphy) evades her ex-pimp (Benicio Del Toro) with the help of her new boyfriend, Dwight (Clive Owen).
A prince (Dilip Kumar) rebels against his father (Prithviraj Kapoor) after the man tries to thwart his romance with a commoner (Madhubala).
Dae-Su is an obnoxious drunk bailed from the police station yet again by a friend. However, he's abducted from the street and wakes up in a cell, where he remains for the next 15 years, drugged unconscious when human contact is unavoidable, otherwise with only the television as company. And then, suddenly released, he is invited to track down his jailor with a denouement that is simply stunning.
Junkie Emily Wang (Maggie Cheung) is arrested for heroin possession after her partner, Lee Hauser (James Johnston), fatally overdoses in a Canada motel room. After serving six months in jail, Emily learns she has lost custody of her son, Jay (James Dennis). Lee's father, Albrecht (Nick Nolte), who has been raising the boy with his wife (Martha Henry), gets in touch with Emily. As she regains contact with her child, she struggles to achieve sobriety, find a job and pursue her singing career.
Bolivia is on the brink of a violent coup d'etat, but that can't stop the political strategy team of GCS -- Greenberg Carville Shrum -- from putting together a slick American style re-election campaign for unpopular presidential candidate Gonzalo "Goni" Sanchez de Lozada. Featuring unprecedented access, this documentary follows Clinton administration political strategist James Carville as he leads a media assault team from the back rooms of Washington, D.C., to La Paz, the capital of Bolivia.
After her husband runs off with his secretary, Terry Wolfmeyer (Joan Allen) is left to fend for herself -- and her four daughters (Keri Russell, Evan Rachel Wood, Erika Christensen, Alicia Witt). As she hits rock bottom, Terry finds a friend and drinking buddy in next-door neighbor Denny (Kevin Costner), a former baseball player. As the two grow closer, and her daughters increasingly rely on Denny, Terry starts to have reservations about where their relationship is headed.
A Nova Scotian (James Allodi) with a secret makes various suicide attempts while his fellow islanders (Maury Chaykin, Paul Gross) deal with issues of their own.
When 9-year-old Damian (Alex Etel) finds a bag of money in his back yard, he and his brother Anthony (Lewis Owen McGibbon) decide to try to spend it without telling their father (James Nesbitt). Seeking advice from the imaginary saints with whom he converses, Damian struggles with his own morality, and attempts to spend his money in a more altruistic way. News of the mysterious loot inevitably attracts attention, however, and Damian is faced with an increasingly hairy situation.
A filmmaker (Andrew Gurland) documents the lives of a chubby doorman (Adrian Martinez) and his mail-order bride (Eugenia Yuan) from Burma.
A homophobic Mossad assassin (Lior Ashkenazi) befriends the granddaughter (Caroline Peters) and gay grandson (Knut Berger) of a Nazi war criminal to find his quarry.
Frankie (Jack McElhone) does not know his father because his mother, Lizzie (Emily Mortimer), ran away from the abusive lout when Frankie was just a baby. Instead of telling the truth to her deaf son, she concocts an elaborate lie, telling him that his father is a merchant seaman on the MS Accra. She even writes letters for Frankie posing as his father. But when the actual MS Accra docks in their small Scottish town, Lizzie quickly needs to find a fake father for Frankie.
Three strangers are on the road to the same destination: San Julián, Argentina. The city represents diverse dreams for the travelers. Salesman Roberto (Javier Lombardo) wants to procure a birthday cake for the son of his widowed love interest. Don Justo (Antonio Benedicti), on a quest to find his dog, entrusts his grocery store to his children in his absence. María Flores (Javiera Bravo) sets out with her baby in the hopes of winning prizes during an appearance on a game show.
Salt miner Schultze (Horst Krause) is forced into retirement. He lapses into the boredom of his small German town. An accordion player, the retiree sometimes plays polkas, but it is not until he hears zydeco on the radio that he discovers a new inspiration and applies the fast tempo of zydeco to his accordion playing. But the town's polka scene frowns upon such deviation from tradition. Undaunted, Schultze packs his instrument and heads to zydeco's birthplace: the American South.
A Thai man (Asanee Suwan) who wants to have a sex-change operation becomes a champion kickboxer.
For the three Field girls -- Lou (Katharine Isabelle), Sandy (Kristin Adams) and Norma (Monté Gagné) -- growing up in the 1960s is no easy thing. Besides the usual temptations of sex and drugs, their family life is tense. Their mom, Mary (Miranda Richardson), is depressed. And their dad, an alcoholic ex-soldier named Jim (Callum Keith Rennie), is crazy: He once locked the family in a bomb shelter believing a nuclear attack was imminent. No wonder introspective Norma thinks she's going crazy too.
In 2004 a scientific team guided by geologist Pasquale Scaturro and kayaker Gordon Brown sets out on a 114-day voyage to be the first people to travel all of Africa's Nile River, the longest in the world. This documentary follows the expedition, which takes the group through dangerous rapids and past many historic ruins. Along the way, the multinational team of scientists and journalists encounters dangerous animals and endures bandit attacks while pursuing the historic feat.
A girl is born, raised and trained to be an instrument of revenge.
Peter (Stipe Erceg) and Jan (Daniel Brühl) are "edukators," anarchists who break into wealthy people's homes -- never stealing, but serving notice to fatcats that their days are numbered. Along comes Jule (Julia Jentsch), a poor student and Peter's girlfriend, who convinces Jan to help her edukate a businessman (Burghart Klaussner) she owes money to. When Jule mistakenly leaves evidence behind, they must go back to the crime scene, where they are surprised and events quickly get out of hand.
In Thailand, the impoverished village of Ban Nong Pradu has its most precious Buddha statue stolen from the temple. Luckily the small town also has a very skilled fighter in the form of Ting (Tony Jaa), who sets out on a quest to recover the cherished figure. His journey leads him to Bangkok, where he must wrangle the statue from Don (Wannakit Sirioput), a volatile drug dealer. Meanwhile, the village is suffering a severe drought and needs the Buddha to restore vitality.
With four beautiful daughters of marrying age, Manorama (Nadira Babbar) and Chaman Bakshi (Anupam Kher) frantically seek out the perfect husbands for their children. Yet their eldest daughter, Lalita (Aishwarya Rai), is intent upon marrying at her own choosing, for love. Lalita endures a number of hopeful suitors, but the American William Darcy (Martin Henderson) seems different -- and not always in a good way. Misunderstandings, schemes and lies threaten to keep the two from true love.
Dennis Hopper narrates this documentary that investigates the infamous pornographic film "Deep Throat." Featuring interviews with the cast and filmmakers, including director Gerard Damiano and leads Linda Lovelace and Harry Reems, this film explores the controversy surrounding both the production of the movie and its reception. Cultural icons of the era such as Hugh Hefner, Gore Vidal and Larry Flynt also contribute, discussing the impact of "Deep Throat" on the zeitgeist.
Dating coach Alex "Hitch" Hitchens (Will Smith) mentors a bumbling client, Albert (Kevin James), who hopes to win the heart of the glamorous Allegra Cole (Amber Valletta). While Albert makes progress, Hitchens faces his own romantic setbacks when proven techniques fail to work on Sara Melas (Eva Mendes), a tabloid reporter digging for dirt on Allegra Cole's love life. When Sara discovers Hitchens' connection to Albert -- now Allegra's boyfriend -- it threatens to destroy both relationships.
Winnie the Pooh (Jim Cummings), Piglet (John Fiedler), Tigger and Roo (Nikita Hopkins) search for a mysterious and fearsome creature.
The well-respected character actor relates strange anecdotes as a camera crew follows him around on his birthday.
A homeless musician's life is transformed after he discovers a flock of wild South American parrots living in San Francisco. How they got there is a mystery, but Mark Bittner forms a bond with the exotic birds through his music and his patient, attentive care. Over time he comes to appreciate their individual identities and makes a case for humans to reevaluate their relationship to animals. When he is forced to leave them, he despairs over the birds' fate.
Paul (Dhritiman Chaterji) and Catherine McNally (Shernaz Patel) give birth to their first daughter, Michelle (Rani Mukherji), who can neither hear nor see. Not knowing how to care for a deaf and blind child, they isolate their daughter from the outside world and as a result, she is ill-behaved and emotionally distraught. Paul even considers putting Michelle in a mental hospital until an eccentric teacher with a questionable past (Amitabh Bachchan) offers to help.
Bizarre, robotic, alien, outrageous, androgynous: all these words apply to 1980s German singer Klaus Nomi, the subject of this documentary. Nomi arrives in New York City with a background in German classical opera, which he channels into a strange but mesmerizing rock act quickly embraced by the avant garde and the punk scene. A cult develops around his performances, and he lands an appearance with David Bowie on TV. But, before his career can take off, tragedy strikes in the form of AIDS.
Todd (Michael Bonsignore), a 27-year-old slacker working as a nursing home janitor, gets through his days by taking drugs, goofing off and playing seemingly harmless pranks on the elderly residents. But things change after Mrs. Pearlman (Maggie Riley), who is beginning to show symptoms of Alzheimer's, starts to mistake Todd for her son who never visits. One day, Todd must decide whether to pretend to be someone he isn't -- and following his decision, he undergoes a spiritual awakening.
In the late 1970s, South Korean president Park Chung-hee (Song Jae-ho) leads a life of leisure and excess. Heavily insulated from his citizens and enjoying lavish surroundings, Chung feasts on the finest foods and constantly finds himself in the company of women. When Kim Jae-kyu (Suk-kyu Han), the disillusioned head of the South Korean secret service, finds out that he is suffering from a terminal disease, he resolves to assassinate Chung-hee for the good of his country.
Bored with life in his tiny village, Dondup (Tsewang Dandup), a Bhutanese official infatuated with American culture, dreams of visiting the United States. On the road to Thimphu, a major city where he hopes to obtain a visa, Dondup befriends a mismatched group of travelers, including a monk (Sonam Kinga). As the trip proceeds, the monk tells his new friends about Tashi (Lhakpa Dorji), a fictional young man whose dissatisfaction leads to his undoing.
The life cycle of plastic beads is traced from their manufacture at a Fuzhou, China, manufacturing facility to their extensive use by revelers at the annual Mardi Gras celebration in New Orleans, La. Documentary filmmaker David Redmon investigates the low wages and substandard conditions endured by the factory's workers, many of whom are young women. Candid interviews with both the Chinese workers and the Mardi Gras crowd reveal the vast economic and cultural chasm between the two.
Isabel (Elizabeth Banks), an aspiring photojournalist who pays her bills with weddings jobs, is unsure about her upcoming wedding to Jonathan (James Marsden), a Jewish lawyer. Her mother, Diana (Glenn Close), an Oscar-winning actress, is becoming increasingly unhappy in her open marriage and has begun flirting with a much younger actor, Alec (Jesse Bradford). Over a 24-hour period, Isabel, Diana and the people around them are forced to reevaluate their lives and their relationships.
La Sierra is the most violent barrio in one of South America's most violent cities, Medellín, Colombia. Like the nation itself, the neighborhood exists in a state of perpetual civil war, with the cocaine trade an active participant. As the ranks of rival gangs are killed off, their members grow ever younger. Edison, 22, is the old man on the block, a father of six. Jesus, 19, can feel death calling him. Cielo, 17, is already a widow. This acclaimed documentary chronicles one year in their lives.
Melanie (Eva Löbau), an idealistic and naive young woman, leaves her country home and lover to take a teaching job in a German city. Socially inept and sorely lacking in disciplinary skills, she is ill-equipped to deal with her unruly students and dismissive colleagues. She tries to make friends with a neighbor (Daniela Holtz), but the neighbor is clearly uninterested. The pressure at work and the loneliness at home soon become too much for Melanie to bear.
Three seemingly unrelated stories converge in a surprising way. Elizabeth Austin (Tess Harper), wife of Reverend Robert Austin (Chris Sarandon), pines for the son who fled their religious household. Grace Bellamy (Bonnie Hunt), now in her 40s, wonders about the son she gave up for adoption. And kindhearted AIDS sufferer Mark (Kip Pardue) falls in love with motel owner George (Michael Kelly) while trying to come to the rescue of some loggerhead turtles.
In this documentary, a theater troupe consisting entirely of convicted felons performs the plays of William Shakespeare for a captive audience. The troupe is already in its seventh year when the film crew joins them as they attempt to put on "The Tempest," a play largely about the dangers of social isolation. In candid interviews, the film chronicles the project from its casting, through its rehearsals and finally to its performance at the Luther Luckett Correctional Complex in Kentucky.
Pierre (Jean-Baptiste Maunier) is an aimless child at an austere boarding school in France. The students and faculty are constantly at odds with one another, until a music teacher, Clément Mathieu (Gérard Jugnot), arrives and starts a choir. Clément -- who has troubles of his own -- tries to change the reactionary policies of the school, choosing instead to encourage his students. His efforts have a particular impact on Pierre, who shows great musical promise.
In 1999, Ken Carter (Samuel L. Jackson) returns to his old high school in Richmond, California, to get the basketball team into shape. With tough rules and academic discipline, he succeeds in setting the players on a winning streak. But when their grades start to suffer, Carter locks them out of the gym and shuts down their championship season. When he is criticized by the players and their parents, he sticks to his guns, determined that they excel in class as well as on the court.
Documentarian Marshall Curry chronicles the 2002 mayoral race in Newark, New Jersey. The election involves Sharpe James, who has held the seat for 16 years, and his challenger, attorney Cory Booker. Curry investigates the legality and ethics of the veteran mayor's tactics, and captures James' staff engaging in illicit behavior and threatening their competition with violence. James' vicious smear campaign is also documented. Spike Lee and Cornel West appear in the film on Booker's behalf.
Following a devastating car accident that took both his memory and the life of his girlfriend (Nami Tsukamoto), Hiroshi Takagi (Tadanobu Asano) begins searching for answers. When he happens upon an anatomy textbook in his closet, Takagi remembers his pre-accident studies and decides to enroll in medical school. During the course of his lessons, Takagi is involved with the dissection of cadavers when he becomes obsessed with one body in particular, and memories slowly begin to return.
Josh (Mark Duplass), a struggling musician, wins a vintage recliner in an eBay auction. Since he lives in New York and the chair is in Atlanta, this poses a bit of a problem. He asks his girlfriend, Emily (Kathryn Aselton), to accompany him on the trip, and his hippie brother Rhett (Rhett Wilkins) joins the pair along the way.
In 1942, young Traudl Junge (Alexandra Maria Lara) lands her dream job -- secretary to Adolf Hitler (Bruno Ganz) at the peak of his power. Three years later, Hitler's empire is now his underground bunker. The real-life Traudl narrates Hitler's final days as he rages against imagined betrayers and barks orders to phantom armies, while his mistress, Eva Braun (Juliane Köhler), clucks over his emotional distance, and other infamous Nazis prepare for the end.
Released from prison, a man (Julio Chávez) re-establishes contact with his daughter and participates in a deadly heist.
In 16th-century Venice, Bassanio (Joseph Fiennes) hopes to wed Portia (Lynn Collins). But to have a chance at winning her hand in marriage, he needs to have a lot of money -- a critical resource he lacks. And because Bassanio's rich friend Antonio (Jeremy Irons) is unable to help, he's forced to make a deadly deal with pitiless moneylender Shylock (Al Pacino). Bassanio will get his money -- and without paying interest. If he doesn't pay it back, however, he will owe Shylock a pound of his flesh.
Trouble follows an ex-convict (Mads Mikkelsen) as he tries to gain his father's favor.
After 12 years in prison, Walter (Kevin Bacon) returns home. Few people know he's a sex offender and pedophile. Walter finds an apartment where he's regularly visited by his parole officer (Mos Def). He gets a job at a lumber mill and starts seeing a coworker (Kyra Sedgwick). Then his new world begins to unravel. As his past becomes known, he begins a high-risk friendship with a young girl and realizes that a man loitering near a schoolyard is a child molester prowling for his next victim.
Paul Rusesabagina (Don Cheadle), a Hutu, manages the Hôtel des Mille Collines and lives a happy life with his Tutsi wife (Sophie Okonedo) and their three children. But when Hutu military forces initiate a campaign of ethnic cleansing against the Tutsi minority, Paul is compelled to allow refugees to take shelter in his hotel. As the U.N. pulls out, Paul must struggle alone to protect the Tutsi refugees in the face of the escalating violence later known as the Rwandan genocide.
Living in America, a NASA engineer (Shah Rukh Khan) returns to India and reconnects with a childhood friend (Gayatri Joshi) and his former wet nurse.
After the three young Baudelaire siblings are left orphaned by a fire in their mansion, they are carted off to live with their distant relative, Count Olaf (Jim Carrey). Unfortunately, Olaf is a cruel, scheming man only after the inheritance that the eldest Baudelaire, Violet (Emily Browning), is set to receive. The children escape and find shelter with their quirky Uncle Monty (Billy Connolly) and, subsequently, their phobic Aunt Josephine (Meryl Streep), but Olaf is never far behind.
Billionaire and aviation tycoon Howard Hughes (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a successful public figure: a director of big-budget Hollywood films such as "Hell's Angels," a passionate lover of Hollywood leading ladies Katharine Hepburn (Cate Blanchett) and Ava Gardner (Kate Beckinsale), and an aviation pioneer who helps build TWA into a major airline. But in private, Hughes remains tormented, suffering from paralyzing phobias and depression. The higher he rises, the farther has to fall.
Frankie Dunn (Clint Eastwood) is a veteran Los Angeles boxing trainer who keeps almost everyone at arm's length, except his old friend and associate Eddie "Scrap Iron" Dupris (Morgan Freeman). When Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank) arrives in Frankie's gym seeking his expertise, he is reluctant to train the young woman, a transplant from working-class Missouri. Eventually, he relents, and the two form a close bond that will irrevocably change them both.
Godzilla, Mothra and Mechagodzilla threaten to turn Tokyo into toothpicks in an all-out battle for supremacy.
After innocent Sean Veil (Lee Evans) is found not guilty of a brutal triple murder, he becomes a paranoid recluse, living alone and obsessively filming every moment of his life to always have an alibi. When the body of a woman who disappeared five years prior turns up, stubborn detective Louis Emeric (Sean McGinley) turns his eye toward Veil. When he cannot locate the tapes proving his whereabouts at the time of the murder, Veil's paranoia grows exponentially as he attempts to uncover the truth.
Documentary photographer Zana Briski journeyed into Calcutta's underworld to photograph the city's prostitutes. In return, she offered to teach the prostitutes' children the basics of photography so that the kids could document their own lives on the streets of one of the world's poorest cities. The resulting photographs, often astonishing, were exhibited around the world; many of them are seen in this film, which won the Academy Award for best documentary feature in 2005.
Alice (Natalie Portman), an American stripper who has moved to London, meets Dan (Jude Law) on the street. While looking at him, a taxi hits her. After taking her to the hospital, Dan begins dating Alice. A year later, Dan -- who has written a novel about Alice -- is bored. He flirts with photographer Anna (Julia Roberts). Pretending to be her in a chat room, he leads dermatologist Larry (Clive Owen) to an accidental meeting with Anna. As the years pass, both relationships disintegrate.
The Tang Dynasty is fighting to keep control over China, a battle they are losing to several rebel groups. One such group is the House of Flying Daggers, who steal from the wealthy and give to the poor. Two police deputies working with the government (Takeshi Kaneshiro, Andy Lau) are ordered to investigate the dancer Mei (Zhang Ziyi), who is rumored to be working with the House of Flying Daggers. But both men fall under her charms and decide to help her escape instead.
Director Robert Stone chronicles the bizarre story of Patty Hearst, granddaughter of newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst. In 1974, Hearst was kidnapped by a fringe domestic terrorist group known as the Symbionese Liberation Army while attending the University of California at Berkeley. She then joined the group, taking the pseudonym "Tania." Hearst would eventually be convicted for helping the group with a bank robbery, and become a poster child for Stockholm Syndrome.
Searching for an effective way to teach their students about the scale of the Holocaust, school officials in Tennessee devise a unique class project involving paper clips. The middle school students in a rural, heavily Christian community begin collecting the paper clips to represent the Jews who perished in concentration camps in World War II. After millions of the paper clips are collected, the last step is to place them inside a German rail car, a poignant echo of the Final Solution.
In this lively animated adventure, undersea oddball SpongeBob SquarePants and his starfish friend, Patrick, embark on a quest to clear the name of Mr. Krabs, the owner of the Krusty Krab restaurant, who has been framed for stealing the crown of ocean deity King Neptune. Leaving the familiar confines of Bikini Bottom, SpongeBob and Patrick venture out towards Shell City, where they hope to find Neptune's crown, but numerous obstacles stand (or float) in their way.
When an old friend brings filmmaker Enrique Goded (Fele Martínez) a semi-autobiographical script chronicling their adolescence, Enrique is forced to relive his youth spent at a Catholic boarding school. Weaving through past and present, the script follows a transvestite performer (Gael García Bernal) who reconnects with a grade school sweetheart. Spurred on by this chance encounter, the character reflects on her childhood sexual victimization and the trauma of closeting her sexual orientation.
Ramón Sampedro (Javier Bardem) is a Spanish ship mechanic and part-time poet who is left a quadriplegic after a diving accident. This film tells the true story of Sampedro's 30-year battle for the legal right to end his own life. He develops close relationships with his long-term lawyer Julia (Belén Rueda) and his friend Rosa (Lola Dueñas), who tries to convince him that his life is worth living. Despite his situation, Ramon manages to inspire those around him to live life to the fullest.
This charming account of a period in the life of author J.M. Barrie (Johnny Depp) reveals the real relationships and events that served as the basis for the author's most iconic work, "Peter Pan." After Barrie develops a platonic relationship with the widowed Sylvia (Kate Winslet) and her four sons, he is inspired to write a play about a group of children who don't want to grow up. The work proves a hit and winds up bringing Barrie and the children together in a way he had never expected.
Squadron Leader Veer Pratap Singh, a pilot in the Indian air force, rescues the stranded Zaara, a woman from Pakistan, following a bus accident, and their lives are forever bound. With all the ingredients of a classic love story, the film is a tale of love, separation, courage and sacrifice that unfolds over 22 years.
Biology professor Alfred Kinsey (Liam Neeson) has a perfectly respectable life teaching and doing research at Indiana University along with a happy home life with his wife (Laura Linney). When he realizes that his students, many of them married and with children, still come to him with personal questions about human sexuality, he fights to begin teaching sex education courses and conducts extensive interviews about the sexual history of volunteers despite high-profile opposition.
This documentary follows Troy Duffy, a brash, foul-mouthed bartender whose screenplay for an action film called "Boondock Saints" scores him a generous contract to write and direct the film for Harvey Weinstein at Miramax Studios. Duffy's band, the Brood, is also in the midst of signing a contract with Madonna's Maverick Records. Duffy's fiery manner is instrumental to his success, but when the deals go sour, no one seems safe from his explosive temper.
Perry (Anthony Mackie) is a would-be painter struggling to find his voice as an artist and his identity as a black gay man. When his disapproving father kicks him out, he winds up in a homeless shelter where he meets a sympathetic gay poet named Bruce (Roger Robinson). As they get to know each other, Perry learns that Bruce was at the center of the 1920s and '30s Harlem Renaissance and faced many of the same prejudices and challenges in his day that Perry faces now.
In this lauded Pixar animated film, married superheroes Mr. Incredible (Craig T. Nelson) and Elastigirl (Holly Hunter) are forced to assume mundane lives as Bob and Helen Parr after all super-powered activities have been banned by the government. While Mr. Incredible loves his wife and kids, he longs to return to a life of adventure, and he gets a chance when summoned to an island to battle an out-of-control robot. Soon, Mr. Incredible is in trouble, and it's up to his family to save him.
Legendary soul musician Ray Charles is portrayed by Jamie Foxx in this Oscar-winning biopic. Young Ray watches his 7-year-old brother drown at age seven. When he loses his sight at the age of 9, his hardworking mother (Sharon Warren) urges him not to feel sorry for himself. He rises through the ranks of the Seattle jazz scene, struggling with drug addiction and infidelity while on the road. Supported by his wife (Kerry Washington), Ray Charles redefines soul music and inspires a generation.
Two Mexican day-laborers are the targets of a hate crime in New York's suburban Long Island.
Iraqis from all walks of life discuss the invasion of their country, the fall of Saddam Hussein and their hopes for the future.
Mathilde (Audrey Tautou) is told that her fiancé (Gaspard Ulliel) has been killed in World War I. She refuses to believe this, however, and begins trying to find out what actually happened on the battlefield the night he was supposedly killed, enlisting the help of a private investigator. During her search, she stumbles across evidence of the inhumane and morally bankrupt system used by the French to deal with deserters, and hears from other men who were sentenced to extreme punishment.
Josko (Kresimir Mikic) is a Croatian soldier recently returned from the front lines of the Serbian-Croatian conflict. Angry over the murder of a fellow soldier, Josko persuades two friends to help him intimidate his Serbian neighbor. Things quickly get out of hand, and Josko finds himself at the center of a murder investigation conducted by Barbir (Drazen Kuhn). Josko's mother (Mirjana Karanovic) asks Josko's brother Kreso (Leon Lucev) to help him, even as Kreso deals with troubles of his own.
Humble Maria (Claire Danes), who outfits top London theater star Ned Kynaston (Billy Crudup), takes none of the credit for the male actor's success at playing women. And because this is the 17th century, Maria, like other females, is prohibited from pursuing her dream of acting. But when powerful people support her, King Charles II (Rupert Everett) lifts the ban on female stage performers. And just as Maria aided Ned, she needs his help to learn her new profession.
B.B. King and his trusty guitar, Lucille, headline a one-night-only celebration of the blues' 100th birthday at New York's Radio City Music Hall. Through careful song selection, the concert crafts a musical narrative beginning with the form's earliest blues guitar beginnings, then branches out to encompass the myriad styles it subsequently gave rise to. Old-school practitioners Buddy Guy, Mavis Staples and Dr. John mix it up with the likes of Macy Gray, Chuck D and Aerosmith.
Factory worker Trevor Reznik (Christian Bale) suffers from insomnia so severe that his condition has taken its toll on his weight and his mental health. When Trevor unintentionally causes an on-the-job accident that horribly injures a coworker (Michael Ironside), he begins to become even more troubled. Despite a relationship with Stevie (Jennifer Jason Leigh), a pretty prostitute, Trevor descends further into paranoia, blaming his problems on an enigmatic figure named Ivan (John Sharian).
Julia Lambert (Annette Bening) is a popular but aging stage actress who is losing passion for her career. Her husband and director, Michael Gosselyn (Jeremy Irons), introduces her to a young American actor, Tom (Shaun Evans), who professes admiration for her. Julia and Tom start an affair, but soon she realizes that Tom is just using her to advance his own career and that of his other girlfriend, actress Avice Crichton (Lucy Punch). Julia befriends Avice, all the while plotting her revenge.
Tae-suk (Hee Jae) is a lonely drifter who spends his nights in one empty vacation home after another. However, Tae-suk is not your usual squatter, as the courteous young man always makes sure to show his absent -- and unknowing -- hosts his gratitude by doing small household tasks or making simple improvements before moving on. One day, Tae-suk mistakes a quiet home for an empty one and stumbles across an abused housewife (Seung-yeon Lee) in urgent need of his intervention.
A Cannes-winning film that relies on subtlety for its affect. Jacobo Koller runs a near-derelict sock factory and leads a life of quiet desperation. When his more successful brother Herman announces a surprise visit after many years' absence, Jacobo is desperate to prove he's successful at something and asks his near-mute assistant Marta Acuna to pose as his wife. His brother arrives and the weekend turns wickedly comical.
When North Korean ruler Kim Jong-il (Trey Parker) orchestrates a global terrorist plot, it's up to the heavily armed marionettes of the highly specialized Team America unit to stop his dastardly scheme. The group, which includes the thespian-averse technology expert Chris (Matt Stone), not only has to face off against Jong-il, but they must also contend with F.A.G., the Film Actors Guild, a cadre of Hollywood liberals at odds with Team America's "policing the world" tactics.
In 1950s England, housekeeper Vera Drake (Imelda Staunton) is a kindly wife and mother who offers selfless devotion and unwavering care to her family, which includes her husband (Philip Davis) and two grown children (Alex Kelly, Daniel Mays). However, unknown to her friends and family, Drake provides abortions to local women with unwanted pregnancies. When the authorities learn of her illegal activities, Drake loses the admiration of many around her -- and possibly her freedom.
A small, turbulent town in Texas obsesses over their high school football team to an unhealthy degree. When the star tailback, Boobie Miles (Derek Luke), is seriously injured during the first game of the season, all hope is lost, and the town's dormant social problems begin to flare up. It is left to the inspiring abilities of new coach Gary Gaines (Billy Bob Thornton) to instill in the other team members -- and, by proxy, the town itself -- a sense of self-respect and honor.
Intellectual engineers Aaron (Shane Carruth) and Abe (David Sullivan) build and sell error-checking technology with the help of their friends Robert (Casey Gooden) and Phillip (Anand Upadhyaya). But when Aaron and Abe accidentally invent what they think is a time machine, Abe builds a version capable of transporting a human and puts the device to the test. As the two friends obsess over their creation, they discover the dark consequences of their actions.
After the alternative music boom of the early 1990s, two bands choose very different paths to fame. Portland, Oregon's the Dandy Warhols, led by the self-conscious and career-minded Courtney Taylor-Taylor, sign with a major label and score a radio hit. San Francisco's Brian Jonestown Massacre, fronted by the abrasive and unpredictable Anton Newcombe, seemingly go out of their way to impede their own rise to fame with a series of increasingly bizarre incidents, including onstage fistfights.
Jim de Sève examines the emotional and legal struggles of a Florida policewoman and an Oklahoma farmer after the deaths of their respective same-sex life partners. De Sève highlights voices on both sides of the same-sex marriage debate and traces the history of marriage as a legal, social and religious construction in the United States, ultimately drawing parallels between the language used to denounce same-sex marriage in the 2000s and the anti-miscegenation rhetoric of the 1950s.
Environmentalist Albert (Jason Schwartzman) enlists the services of "existential detectives" Bernard (Dustin Hoffman) and Vivian (Lily Tomlin) to solve the meaning of a succession of strange coincidences. The investigators conclude that the backstabbing Brad (Jude Law) -- a public relations manager at big-box retailer Huckabees -- is at the root of Albert's angst. Brad tries to turn the tables, however, by hiring the philosophic duo for his own nefarious purposes.
In an alternate puppet world, all marionettes are connected to a higher power by their strings. When one is severed, they lose use of that limb, and, if their head-string is cut, they die. After a guilty king (Julian Glover) commits suicide, his scheming brother (Derek Jacobi) depicts it as a murder by a rebel tribe. Prince Hal (James McAvoy), the heir to the throne, is sent in disguise on a revenge mission, during which he learns of his uncle's plotting and the dark secrets of his own people.
This documentary showcases the beginnings of the "Yes Men," a parody group started by Mike Bonanno and Andy Bichlbaum, who initially set up a fake World Trade Organization website to spoof the hypocrisy of the group. Gradually, conferences and news media started to contact the two men thinking they were the actual WTO. Mike and Andy began impersonating members of the WTO at these events, using exaggerated and callous statements to satirize the actions of the organization.
Shaun (Simon Pegg) is a 30-something loser with a dull, easy existence. When he's not working at the electronics store, he lives with his slovenly best friend, Ed (Nick Frost), in a small flat on the outskirts of London. The only unpredictable element in his life is his girlfriend, Liz (Kate Ashfield), who wishes desperately for Shaun to grow up and be a man. When the town is inexplicably overrun with zombies, Shaun must rise to the occasion and protect both Liz and his mother (Penelope Wilton).
A mostly mechanical cyborg (Akio Ôtsuka) and his human-looking partner (Kôichi Yamadera) track robotic sex dolls that have murdered their masters.
Believing that the Loch Ness monster is a figment of the collective psyche of the Scottish people, famed avant-garde film director Werner Herzog leads a crew to Scotland, accompanied by producer Zak Penn, to make a movie about the myth, and not the monster. However, Penn has also arranged for a second film production team, led by director John Bailey, to make a documentary about the renowned and sometimes difficult Herzog. While on a boat in the middle of the lake, something unexpected happens.
Post-Soviet Prague is seen through parallel stories of Czechs who share the same city, and yet are worlds apart. Human traffickers ditch a foreign baby with a working-class couple, who so love their new child that the husband (Jirí Machácek) drops his racist soccer hooligan pals. Meanwhile, middle-class Martin (Petr Forman) returns home years after his now-ailing father wooed and won his girlfriend from him. Since then, the couple has raised a child, Martin's sister -- or maybe his daughter.
Struggling writer and wine enthusiast Miles (Paul Giamatti) takes his engaged friend, Jack (Thomas Haden Church), on a trip to wine country for a last single-guy bonding experience. While Miles wants to relax and enjoy the wine, Jack is in search of a fling before his wedding. Soon Jack is sleeping with Stephanie (Sandra Oh), while her friend Maya (Virginia Madsen) connects with Miles. When Miles lets slip that Jack is getting married, both women are furious, sending the trip into disarray.
Writer-director Paul Haggis interweaves several connected stories about race, class, family and gender in Los Angeles in the aftermath of 9/11. Characters include a district attorney (Brendan Fraser) and his casually prejudiced wife (Sandra Bullock), dating police detectives Graham (Don Cheadle) and Ria (Jennifer Esposito), a victimized Middle Eastern store owner and a wealthy African-American couple (Terrence Dashon Howard, Thandie Newton) humiliated by a racist traffic cop (Matt Dillon).
Joey, Johnny and Dee Dee -- better known as The Ramones -- changed the course of rock history with their rebellious punk ethos and minimalist approach to songwriting, and in the process became counterculture icons. "End of the Century" follows the Queens kids from their earliest underground gigs in the 1970s to their induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2002, featuring rare archive concert footage and candid interviews with the band members.
This documentary explores the life of Henri Langlois, the first film archivist, who dedicated his life to collecting movies from all over the world and preserving them for future generations. Archival footage and interviews with colleagues, friends and family tell the story of how Langlois' celluloid passion lead him to hide scores of films during the Nazi occupation of France in World War II, and how he helped establish a cinematic museum and theater that has influenced countless filmmakers.
Jin-tae (Dong-Kun Jang) has always looked out for his little brother, Jin-seok (Won Bin), even shining shoes to raise funds for his college education. When the Korean War flares up and both brothers are drafted, Jin-tae decides he has to protect his younger sibling. Jin-tae makes a bargain with his commander: He'll take the riskiest missions if it will help shield Jin-seok from battle. In time, Jin-tae becomes a war hero -- with a growing blood lust that shocks his younger brother.
When Danish army officer Michael (Ulrich Thomsen) is sent to Afghanistan, his mission quickly goes awry, leading to his imprisonment. When news of Michael's disappearance and presumed death reaches home, his errant, drifter brother, Jannik (Nikolaj Lie Kaas), mends his ways to provide support for Michael's family and wife, Sarah (Connie Nielsen). Eventually, Jannik and Sarah develop deep feelings for one another. However, when Michael is rescued and returned home, things take a dark turn.
In this visually arresting martial arts epic set in ancient China, an unnamed fighter (Jet Li) is being honored for defeating three of the king's most dangerous enemies. When Nameless recounts his battles with the assassins -- Broken Sword (Tony Leung Chiu Wai), Flying Snow (Maggie Cheung Man-yuk) and Moon (Zhang Ziyi) -- the king begins to question some of the details. As Nameless goes on, the king challenges the tales, interjecting his own take on these perhaps suspect version of events.
Using the 1950 Gary Cooper film "Bright Leaf" as a starting point, director Ross McElwee thoroughly dissects the controversial and highly profitable tobacco industry. McElwee, whose great-grandfather made and subsequently lost a fortune in tobacco after creating the brand Bull Durham, also explores his own roots in the industry. The film includes interviews with people on whom tobacco has had a major impact, from lung cancer patients and cigarette smokers to industry insiders.
During the 1930s in England, a group of young socialites dominate the national gossip with extravagant and outlandish antics. Among the group is the aspiring novelist Adam Fenwick-Symes (Stephen Campbell Moore), who is attempting to raise enough money to marry fellow member Nina Blount (Emily Mortimer). However, after customs officials confiscate his first manuscript, Fenwick-Symes must recover from the financial setback and figure out new ways to earn money for a wedding.
Quiet adolescent Sam (Rory Culkin) has been bullied by George (Josh Peck), a fellow student who has trouble fitting in with other teens. When Rocky (Trevor Morgan), Sam's elder brother, finds out Sam is being picked on, he enlists his buddies to help get back at George. They ask George to accompany them on a boating expedition deep in the woods, but when their plan to humiliate George horrifically backfires, the friends make a series of poor decisions that will change their lives.
The Bush administration's decision to go to war with Iraq in 2003 is scrutinized in this documentary. According to several of the military, diplomatic and intelligence insiders in the film, some Bush staffers knowingly misled the public when they claimed that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein was close to acquiring weapons of mass destruction. The documentary also suggests that the press too often took the Bush administration at its word instead of investigating the White House's contentions.
This documentary, about sexual abuse in the Roman Catholic Church, focuses on the life of Ohio fireman Tony Comes, who was abused by a priest at the age of 14. Having long buried the secrets of his past, Comes decides to take action when stories start surfacing in the media about other boys victimized by priests. As Comes, who now has a wife and two children, decides to prosecute Dennis Gray, the priest who sodomized him, he must face his community and confront his belief in God.
Using a wealth of different sources, Robert Greenwald investigates the motives and pretexts of the administration of former President George W. Bush for going to war in Iraq after 9/11. Greenwald's film dissects the different catalysts leading to the war, from the media's treatment of the issue to the practice of "data mining." A panel of experts lend their voices to this examination, including CIA analysts, a former CIA director, previous ambassadors and a weapons inspector.
Although he's not as well known as many of the musicians whose records he produced, Tom Dowd's influence in the music world is undeniable. Responsible for studio techniques like stereo sound and multitrack recording, Dowd helped shape the sound of pop music for more than half a century. New and archival interviews with some of the legendary artists he worked with, including Ray Charles, Eric Clapton and Aretha Franklin, detail Dowd's influential work and his impact on the recording industry.
Nishi travels to heaven and back.
A cab driver realizes his current fare is a hit man that has been having him drive around from mark to mark until the last witness to a crime is dead. When the cabbie finally figures out the truth, he must prevent the assassin from wiping out his last witness without becoming the next in the professional killer's line of casualties.
After Nazis ambush a brigade of Allied soldiers in Belgium, the few remaining survivors, including the sniper, Deacon (Corbin Allred), and Pvt. Kendrick (Lawrence Bagby), take cover in a nearby forest. There, they meet stranded British intelligence officer Oberon (Kirby Heyborne), who has time-sensitive information of vital importance to the Allied effort. Despite the various inner conflicts each of the soldiers carry, they band together to get Oberon safely back into Allied territory.
Left-leaning documentary filmmaker Robert Greenwald sets his sights on right-wing billionaire Rupert Murdoch in this takedown of the Australian media mogul's flagship, Fox News Channel. In deconstructing the conservative network's oft-touted slogan, "Fair and Balanced," Greenwald assembles archival footage of Fox News personalities like Bill O'Reilly and Neil Cavuto, as well as interviews with former employees and previously unseen interoffice memos from channel boss Roger Ailes.
Nerdy accountant Harold (John Cho) and his irrepressible friend, Kumar (Kal Penn), get stoned watching television and find themselves utterly bewitched by a commercial for White Castle. Convinced there must be one nearby, the two set out on a late-night odyssey that takes them deep into New Jersey. Somehow, the boys manage to run afoul of rednecks, cops and even a car-stealing Neil Patrick Harris before getting anywhere near their beloved sliders.
Years after his squad was ambushed during the Gulf War, Major Ben Marco (Denzel Washington) finds himself having terrible nightmares. He begins to doubt that his fellow squad-mate Sergeant Raymond Shaw (Liev Schreiber), now a vice-presidential candidate, is the hero he remembers him being. As Marco's doubts deepen, Shaw's political power grows, and, when Marco finds a mysterious implant embedded in his back, the memory of what really happened begins to return.
After many years away, television bit part actor Andrew Largeman (Zach Braff) returns to his small home town in New Jersey to attend his mother's funeral. There he is confronted by various aspects of the life he left behind, including his overbearing father (Ian Holm). Largeman also meets compulsive liar and amateur musician Sam (Natalie Portman), with whom he feels an immediate connection. Together with several other figures from his past, Largeman heals old wounds and forges new friendships.
Born in 1922, Howard Zinn began his career as a political activist at age 18, when he worked as a labor organizer. In this documentary, the late historian tells his life story. After serving in World War II, Zinn becomes a professor at Atlanta's Spelman College, only to be fired for his activist agitation. Admirers and friends of the fiercely liberal Zinn testify to his impact on their lives as he discusses his commitment to anti-war politics and rethinking American history.
Residents of a small Austrian town are touched by the death of a young woman (Kathrin Resetarits) whose presence remains long after her funeral.
Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) is living in India when he is framed by Russian agent Kirill (Karl Urban) for the theft of millions from the CIA. Kirill begins to pursue Bourne, intending to assassinate him -- but while Bourne and his girlfriend, Marie (Franka Potente), are on the run, a shot meant for him kills her instead. Vowing revenge, Bourne sets out to prove his innocence and bring the culprits to justice, but he has to evade CIA head Pamela Landry (Joan Allen), who is convinced he is guilty.
Seventeen-year-old Colombian Maria (Catalina Sandino Moreno) is desperate: pregnant and with a large family to care for, she's forced to leave a demanding job after an altercation with her boss. Needing work as soon as possible, she encounters charming Franklin (John Álex Toro), who offers her a dangerous job as a drug mule. With cocaine pellets in her stomach, Maria flies to New York for the drug drop-off, but finds her new line of work may be far riskier than it initially seemed.
Filmmaker Chad Freidrichs examines the life and career of Jandek, a Texas-based musician who deliberately remains obscure.
A young man (Atta Yaqub) upsets his Punjabi family when he falls in love with an Irish schoolteacher (Eva Birthistle).
Christoffer (Ulrich Thomsen) is a Danish man who stands to inherit a huge fortune, but he has abandoned his family's industrial business to live with his beautiful wife, Maria (Lisa Werlinder). When his father hangs himself, Christoffer returns to Denmark and becomes embroiled in family issues. Christoffer's manipulative brother-in-law (Lars Brygmann) wants to take over the family business, while his overbearing mother pressures him to take control instead, an idea his wife desperately opposes.
Hotshot television anchorman Ron Burgundy (Will Ferrell) welcomes upstart reporter Veronica Corningstone (Christina Applegate) into the male-dominated world of 1970s broadcast news -- that is, until the talented female journalist begins to outshine Burgundy on air. Soon he grows jealous, begins a bitter feud with Veronica and eventually makes a vulgar slip on live TV that ruins his career. However, when an outrageous story breaks at the San Diego Zoo, Ron may get a chance to redeem himself.
Part sports history, part thrill ride, skateboarder Stacy Peralta's documentary pays homage to the brave, foolish surfers who dare ride the world's biggest waves. Peralta lays out the evolution of big-wave surfing from the '50s to today, touching upon changing trends and the constant search for ever larger waves. Then he shifts his focus to a handful of contemporary surfing superstars, among them Jeff Clark, pioneer of San Francisco's remote waves, and Laird Hamilton, known for tow-in riding.
After bassist Jason Newsted quits the band in 2001, heavy metal superstars Metallica realize that they need an intervention. In this revealing documentary, filmmakers follow the three rock stars as they hire a group therapist and grapple with 20 years of repressed anger and aggression. Between searching for a replacement bass player, creating a new album and confronting their personal demons, the band learns to open up in ways they never thought possible.
A sequel to "Before Sunrise," this film starts nine years later as Jesse (Ethan Hawke) travels across Europe giving readings from a book he wrote about the night he spent in Vienna with Celine (Julie Delpy). After his reading in Paris, Celine finds him, and they spend part of the day together before Jesse has to again leave for a flight. They are both in relationships now, and Jesse has a son, but as their strong feelings for each other start to return, both confess a longing for more.
Following a global cataclysm, Anne (Isabelle Huppert) and her family set out for a safe haven at their holiday home. But, when they arrive, the home is already occupied by other survivors. Their hopes for safety are immediately dashed by a violent tragedy, which serves as a lesson to take nothing for granted and expect the worst in this new, harsh landscape. Accompanied by a fierce young boy (Hakim Taleb), the family eventually reaches a train station with the prospect of escaping.
When a failed nuclear fusion experiment results in an explosion that kills his wife, Dr. Otto Octavius (Alfred Molina) is transformed into Dr. Octopus, a cyborg with deadly metal tentacles. Doc Ock blames Spider-Man (Tobey Maguire) for the accident and seeks revenge. Meanwhile, Spidey's alter ego, Peter Parker, faces fading powers and self-doubt. Complicating matters are his best friend's (James Franco) hatred for Spider-Man and his true love's (Kirsten Dunst) sudden engagement to another man.
Twin tiger cubs Kumal and Sangha are torn apart when their father is killed by hunter Aidan McRory (Guy Pearce). Kumal finds himself in a circus, where his spirits are broken by an abusive trainer (Vincent Scarito), while Sangha is adopted by a politician's son (Freddie Highmore) and cast aside when he attacks the family dog. The brothers struggle to survive in a world where tigers are enslaved or killed for sport, and when they inevitably meet again, it is under the worst of circumstances.
Average Joe's Gym and its owner, Peter La Fleur (Vince Vaughn), are both down on their luck. A fancy competing gym called Globo-Gym, run by the maniacal health nut White Goodman (Ben Stiller), is about to put Average Joe's out of business unless Peter can raise $50,000 to keep his mortgage. To save the gym, Peter and a ragtag group of Average Joe's members and employees enter a dodgeball contest with a big cash prize. In response, White forms his own Globo-Gym team to rout the competition.
When Viktor Navorski (Tom Hanks), an Eastern European tourist, arrives at JFK in New York, war breaks out in his country and he finds himself caught up in international politics. Because of the war, the Department of Homeland Security won't let him enter or exit the United States. He's trapped at JFK -- indefinitely. While living at the airport, Viktor falls for a flight attendant (Catherine Zeta-Jones). She may have feelings for him too. But what good is love if Viktor can't leave the terminal?
When upper-class Tamsin (Emily Blunt) meets working-class Mona (Natalie Press) they are immediately drawn to each other. Although coming from different worlds, the two find common ground in their dysfunctional family lives. To seal their friendship, Mona introduces Tamsin to her born-again Christian brother (Paddy Considine), and Mona helps Tamsin spy on her adulterous father. Bound together by their secrets, Tamsin and Mona see their friendship deepen and enter into dangerous waters.
In small-town Preston, Idaho, awkward teen Napoleon Dynamite (Jon Heder) has trouble fitting in. After his grandmother is injured in an accident, his life is made even worse when his strangely nostalgic uncle, Rico (Jon Gries), shows up to keep an eye on him. With no safe haven at home or at school, Napoleon befriends the new kid, Pedro (Efren Ramirez), a morose Hispanic boy who speaks little English. Together the two launch a campaign to run for class president.
Filmmaker Rick McKay directs this oral history about the golden age of live theater in New York City during the 1940s and '50s. The film includes interviews with the actors, singers, dancers, authors, directors and producers of some of Broadway's greatest shows, as well as reminiscences from younger actors inspired by the greats of this era. Over 100 interviews are included, from stars such as Bea Arthur, Angela Lansbury, Charles Nelson Reilly and Elaine Stritch.
Harry Potter's (Daniel Radcliffe) third year at Hogwarts starts off badly when he learns deranged killer Sirius Black (Gary Oldman) has escaped from Azkaban prison and is bent on murdering the teenage wizard. While Hermione's (Emma Watson) cat torments Ron's (Rupert Grint) sickly rat, causing a rift among the trio, a swarm of nasty Dementors is sent to protect the school from Black. A mysterious new teacher helps Harry learn to defend himself, but what is his secret tie to Sirius Black?
Mary (Jena Malone) is a devout girl at a Christian high school, dating Dean (Chad Faust). But her perfect world begins to fall apart when Dean reveals that he's gay. She receives a vision from Jesus and tries everything she can to help Dean, including offering her virginity. Unfortunately, Dean is sent to a treatment center to "cure" him, and Mary discovers she's pregnant. When her friends turn on her, she finds solace with school misfits Roland (Macaulay Culkin) and Cassandra (Eva Amurri).
After returning from their honeymoon and showing home movies to their friends, Shrek and Fiona learn that her parents have heard that she has married her true love and wish to invite him to their kingdom, called Far Far Away. The catch is: Fiona's parents are unaware of the curse that struck their daughter and have assumed she married Prince Charming, not a 700-pound ogre with horrible hygiene and a talking donkey pal.
This 11-vignette film focuses on the human interactions that happen while partaking in the everyday indulgence of coffee and cigarettes. Featuring well-known actors and other artists as themselves or some version thereof, the film highlights the nuances and subtle hostilities that can be a part of seemingly normal conversations. Bill Murray waits on the Wu-Tang Clan, Iggy Pop and Tom Waits get on each others' nerves and Jack and Meg White of the White Stripes discuss Nikola Tesla.
A 9-year-old (Rodrigo Noya) stays with his widowed grandmother (Carmen Maura) after his parents' bitter separation.
Director Morgan Spurlock's social experiment in fast-food gastronomy sees him attempting to subsist uniquely on food from the McDonald's menu for an entire month. In the process his weight balloons, his energy level plummets and he experiences all sorts of unexpected -- and terrifying -- side effects. He also examines the corporate giant's growing role in the lives of American consumers and explores its methods of indoctrinating young people and its contribution to America's obesity epidemic.
After surviving the Holocaust, Albert (Simon Abkarian) and his wife, Lea (Zabou Breitman), must begin their lives anew. The Jewish couple reopens their modest tailoring business in the midst of the rapidly changing city of Paris, a broken but hopeful city suddenly free of hostile German forces. Albert and Lea share love, grief and a newfound prosperity as they struggle to rebuild their lives with their young children and a close-knit group of employees.
Teenage Cady Heron (Lindsay Lohan) was educated in Africa by her scientist parents. When her family moves to the suburbs of Illinois, Cady finally gets to experience public school and gets a quick primer on the cruel, tacit laws of popularity that divide her fellow students into tightly knit cliques. She unwittingly finds herself in the good graces of an elite group of cool students dubbed "the Plastics," but Cady soon realizes how her shallow group of new friends earned this nickname.
In this experimental musical set in 1930s Winnipeg, Canada, amputee baroness Lady Port-Huntley (Isabella Rossellini) organizes a competition offering $25,000 to the person who can compose the saddest music in the world. Musicians -- including a depressed Broadway producer (Mark McKinney), his guilt-stricken father (David Fox) and a Serbian cellist (Ross McMillan) -- flock to Winnipeg with the hope that they will be the best at conveying tragedy and grief in their music.
This documentary begins with an unusual detail that came from the 14th Amendment: Under constitutional law, corporations are seen as individuals. So, filmmaker Mark Achbar asks, what type of person would a corporation be? The evidence, according to such political activists as Noam Chomsky and filmmaker Michael Moore and company heads like carpet magnate Ray Anderson, points to a bad one, as the film aims to expose IBM's Nazi ties and these large businesses' exploitation of human rights.
A girl who's sick of the social strictures of junior high is transformed into a grownup overnight. In this feel-good fairy tale, teenager Jenna (Christa B. Allen) wants a boyfriend, and when she's unable to find one, she fantasizes about being a well-adjusted adult. Suddenly, her secret desire becomes a reality, and she is transformed into a 30-year-old (Jennifer Garner). But adulthood, with its own set of male-female challenges, isn't as easy as it looks.
Australian teenager Heidi (Abbie Cornish) is left with little choice but to leave home after she's caught red-handed with her mother's boyfriend. With few options, Heidi ends up in Jindabyne, a tourist community. Upon meeting Joe (Sam Worthington) at a bar, she pursues a relationship with him and tries to find something resembling a normal home life. Heidi makes small strides by getting a job and finding a place to stay, but her relationship with Joe must overcome more than its share of hurdles.
In this documentary, filmmaker Michael Almereyda chronicles the San Francisco production of "The Late Henry Moss," a play written and directed by noted scribe Sam Shepard. The film explores Shepard's artistic inspirations as well as his working relationships with the play's cast, which includes stars such as Sean Penn, Woody Harrelson, Cheech Marin and Nick Nolte. Much of the film is devoted to a detailed examination of the work that goes into readying a play for opening night.
As the prom approaches, the head cheerleader (Sarah Silverman) of Echo Lake High dumps her quarterback boyfriend (Dermot Mulroney) in favor of attending the dance with the biggest loser (Eric Gilliland) in school.
The Bride (Uma Thurman) picks up where she left off in volume one with her quest to finish the hit list she has composed of all of the people who have wronged her, including ex-boyfriend Bill (David Carradine), who tried to have her killed four years ago during her wedding to another man. Leaving several dead in her wake, she eventually tracks down Bill in Mexico. Using skills she has learned during her assassin career, she attempts to finish what she set out to do in the first place.
An unhappily married woman (Giovanna Mezzogiorno) befriends an old man (Massimo Girotti) and spies on a handsome neighbor (Raoul Bova).
The owners (Mads Mikkelsen, Nikolaj Lie Kaas) of an organic-meat shop attract unsuspecting customers with a special cut that is actually human flesh.
All his life, an ordinary young man (Stephen Chow) has been treated like dirt. Still, he's never given up believing that all the world's problems could be solved with a little kung fu. So he's teaming up with a band of misfits - six friends who were kung fu masters in their youth - to form a soccer team that only he believes has a chance to win a $1 million grand prize. Together, they're going to apply their hidden talents to a whole new game -- and soccer will never be the same.
At the end of World War II, the Nazis attempt to open a portal to a paranormal dimension in order to defeat the Allies, but are only able to summon a baby demon who is rescued by Allied forces and dubbed "Hellboy" (Ron Perlman). Sixty years later, Hellboy serves as an agent in the Bureau of Paranormal Research and Defense, where he, aided by Abe Sapien (Doug Jones), a merman with psychic powers, and Liz Sherman (Selma Blair), a woman with pyrokinesis, protects America against dark forces.
Ron Santo retains a positive attitude while living with diabetes and pursuing careers as a ballplayer and broadcaster.
This documentary traces Rodney Bingenheimer's journey from a hard-luck childhood to a successful career as a disc jockey. Involved in the Los Angeles rock 'n' roll scene since the 1960s, the omnipresent Bingenheimer has seen his fair share of both triumphs and hardships during his time as a musical taste-maker. Featuring interviews with rock legends like David Bowie, Brian Wilson and Beck all chiming in on Bingenheimer, the film also underlines the consequences of romanticizing fame.
After a painful breakup, Clementine (Kate Winslet) undergoes a procedure to erase memories of her former boyfriend Joel (Jim Carrey) from her mind. When Joel discovers that Clementine is going to extremes to forget their relationship, he undergoes the same procedure and slowly begins to forget the woman that he loved. Directed by former music video director Michel Gondry, the visually arresting film explores the intricacy of relationships and the pain of loss.
When her husband is attacked by a zombified neighbor, Ana (Sarah Polley) manages to escape, only to realize her entire Milwaukee neighborhood has been overrun by the walking dead. After being questioned by cautious policeman Kenneth (Ving Rhames), Ana joins him and a small group that gravitates to the local shopping mall as a bastion of safety. Once they convince suspicious security guards that they are not contaminated, the group bands together to fight the undead hordes.
Filmmaker Tommy Davis follows four Mexican migrants as they try to cross the U.S. border.
When the president's daughter, Laura Newton (Kristen Bell), is kidnapped by a human trafficking ring, high-ranking Secret Service agent Robert Scott (Val Kilmer) takes on the case. With the assistance of his protégé, Curtis (Derek Luke), Robert begins investigating, but the operation is called off when Laura is reported dead. However, Robert and Curtis, who have discovered evidence to the contrary, continue their search, and soon find evidence of an elaborate government cover-up.
Filmmaker Simon Wincer follows racers who are traveling, and sometimes crashing, at nearly 200 mph; narrated by Kiefer Sutherland.
First-rate mediocre salesman Antoine (Jean-Pierre Darroussin) and his attractive, successful and increasingly aloof wife, Hélène (Carole Bouquet), are en route to pick up their daughter from camp, bickering as usual. When the fight gets out of hand, Hélène goes on alone by train, while Antoine begins a debauched night at a local bar. There he meets a hitchhiker (Vincent Deniard) who insists on a ride, and Antoine can't help but think him the escaped killer he's been hearing about on the radio.
In October 1989, right before the fall of the Berlin Wall, Alex Kerner (Daniel Brühl) is living with his mom, Christiane (Kathrin Sass), and sister, Ariane (Maria Simon). But when the mother, a loyal party member, sees Alex participating in an anti-communist rally, she falls into a coma and misses the revolution. After she wakes, doctors say any jarring event could make her have a heart attack, meaning the family must go to great lengths to pretend communism still reigns in Berlin.
In the 1950s, a team of Swedish researchers plans to revolutionize the home kitchen. After observing the modern housewife, they set their sights on typical bachelors. Scientist Folke (Tomas Norström) is sent to a rural Norwegian town, where he tracks the kitchen behavior of odd single man Isak (Joachim Calmeyer). Folke is under strict orders to avoid personal interactions with his subject at all costs, but despite warnings from his superiors, he strikes up a strange camaraderie with Isak.
Santino Majok Chuor and Peter Nyarol Dut are two orphaned Sudanese boys whose lives have been ravaged by civil war in their country. This film follows these "lost boys" as they travel from a refugee camp in Kenya to the United States to try to start a new life. When they arrive, they meet their adoptive families, begin to attend school and start working at menial jobs. But despite their new-found stability, they have difficulty adjusting to life in their new country.
This retelling of "The Lion King" is conveyed from the perspective of meerkat Timon (Nathan Lane) and warthog Pumbaa (Ernie Sabella) and shows how the pair became friends. When Timon leaves his colony because he doesn't fit in, he meets the lonely Pumbaa. Together Timon and Pumbaa search for a new home, having adventures along the way and eventually meeting up with lion prince Simba (Matthew Broderick), who is in exile from his home and must challenge the evil Scar for the title of Lion King.
A widow (Michaela Eshet) deals with the sexual awakening of her two teenage daughters.
The Taliban closes down a hospital, putting a mother (Zubaida Sahar) and daughter (Marina Golbahari) who work there out of a job. Legally prohibited from going out unaccompanied by men, and having none to rely on, they hatch a desperate plan to disguise the daughter as a boy answering to the name "Osama." The ruse works for a while, but when the Taliban begins conscripting boys for their training school, Osama fears it won't be long before she is discovered.
Andrey (Vladimir Garin) and Ivan (Ivan Dobronravov) are brothers who have been raised alone by their mother. When their father (Konstantin Lavronenko) suddenly returns home after vanishing some 12 years earlier, they are both extremely happy to see him back in their lives. Ivan, however, quickly grows suspicious of his father, and determines to find out where exactly his father vanished to all those years ago, and why he suddenly decided to come back into their lives now.
When college coach Herb Brooks (Kurt Russell) is hired to helm the 1980 U.S. men's Olympic hockey team, he brings a unique and brash style to the ice. After assembling a team of hot-headed college all-stars, who are humiliated in an early match, Brooks unites his squad against a common foe, the heavily-favored Soviet team. As the U.S. squad tries to overcome insurmountable odds and win the gold medal, the team becomes a microcosm for American patriotism during the Cold War.
Director Greg MacGillivray, a documentary filmmaker whose specialty is the natural world, turns his camera on the South Pacific's beautiful but potentially endangered coral reefs. Backed by narration from Liam Neeson and music by Crosby, Stills and Nash, MacGillivray's film focuses on the the underwater work of a husband-and-wife duo. As they survey the waters near Australia, Tahiti and Fiji, Howard and Michele Hall explain what must be done to preserve the reefs.
In 1985, two young climbers, Joe Simpson (Brendan Mackey) and Simon Yates (Nicholas Aaron), set out to be the first to reach the summit of the Siula Grande in the Peruvian Andes. They succeed, and the two embark on the treacherous descent down the mountain -- only to meet with disaster when Simpson breaks his leg in a fall, leaving Yates to lower him the rest of the way with ropes. When a storm threatens both their lives, Yates must decide whether to cut the rope and risk Simpson's likely death.
Lawmen (Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar) must escort a dreaded terrorist and a crucial informant across India.
When is the price of safety too high? How about when it disrupts one's way of life or makes existence into a prison? In this documentary, the filmmakers chronicle the building of an enormous wall designed to keep the Palestinian sections of Israel apart, while considering repercussions -- including those political, social and environmental. Interviews center around government officials and those living near the wall, with the barrier occasionally looming in the frame like its own character.
On a break before his last semester of medical school, Ernesto "Che" Guevara (Gael García Bernal) travels with his friend Alberto Granado (Rodrigo de la Serna) from Brazil to Peru by motorcycle. The two men soon witness the great disparities in South America, encountering poor peasants and observing the exploitation of labor by wealthy industrialists. When they reach a leper colony in Peru, Ernesto's values have changed so much that he sides with the sufferers, forgetting his own comfort.
Eccentric Californians still hang around a once-popular but deteriorating man-made lake.
British documentarian Nick Broomfield creates a follow-up piece to his 1992 documentary of the serial killer Aileen Wuornos, a highway prostitute who was convicted of killing six men in Florida between 1989 and 1990. Interviewing an increasingly mentally unstable Wuornos, Broomfield captures the distorted mind of a murderer whom the state of Florida deems of sound mind -- and therefore fit to execute. Throughout the film, Broomfield includes footage of his testimony at Wuornos' trial.
Shortly after moving to Florida, longtime prostitute Aileen Wuornos (Charlize Theron) meets young and reserved Selby Wall (Christina Ricci) and a romance blossoms. When a john (Lee Tergesen) attempts to brutalize Aileen, she kills him and resolves to give up prostitution. But supporting herself and her new girlfriend through legitimate means proves extremely difficult, and she soon falls back on old ways. More johns die, and Selby can't help but think her new friend is responsible.
When her father goes blind, Griet (Scarlett Johansson) must go to work as a maid for painter Johannes Vermeer (Colin Firth). While cleaning the house, Griet strikes up an unlikely friendship with Vermeer, which both agree to keep secret for fear of provoking the painter's jealous wife, Catharina (Essie Davis). When wealthy patron Van Ruijven (Tom Wilkinson) begins to lust after Griet, and commissions a painting of her, Vermeer and Griet are obliged to spend long hours alone together.
A deaf woman (Beatriz Batarda) tries to help a depressed, drug-addicted disc jockey (Paul Kaye) get back on his feet.
At age 8, Scottish percussionist Evelyn Glennie realized she was going deaf. A high school teacher advised her to practice without a hearing aid, responding to the music with her other senses. This documentary follows her travels as she demonstrates her ability to play music using vibrations and other tactile sensations. Included is everything from public performances at Grand Central Station in New York City to collaborative work on an improvised album in an abandoned factory in Berlin.
World-traveling missionary Lana (Michelle Williams) returns to post-Sept. 11 America from the Middle East and begins work at a Los Angeles homeless shelter. Her Vietnam veteran uncle Paul (John Diehl) passes his days driving on a paranoid and self-styled reconnaissance mission looking for Islamic terrorists. Paul and Lana re-establish an uneasy relationship, but when they witness an act of violence, their divergent points of view force them to reconsider their friendship.
A former porn-film maker uses his protege to fulfill his sexual fantasies.
Sandy (Toni Collette), the co-owner of a software company, is responsible for making sure a Japanese businessman, Hiromitsu Tachibana (Gotaro Tsunashima), is taken care of while they try to work out a possible deal. A power play is immediately set into motion, with Hiromitsu treating Sandy as his subordinate and Sandy accepting it. Their relationship, however, grows much more complicated when they get stuck in the desert with only each other to count on.
Reformed drug addict Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) has her California coast house, which she inherited from her father, taken away by the county due to a misunderstanding about back taxes. The place is bought by Iranian immigrant Massoud Amir Behrani (Ben Kingsley), who intends to fix it up and sell it in order to provide a better life for his wife (Shohreh Aghdashloo) and son (Jonathan Ahdout). However, Kathy, desperate to get the house back, begins harassing Behrani so he will return it.
As Wendy Darling (Rachel Hurd-Wood) recounts stories to her brothers, John (Harry Newell) and Michael (Freddie Popplewell), she is visited by Peter Pan (Jeremy Sumpter). Peter, a boy who magically never ages, invites Wendy and her brothers to Neverland, an island where he lives with the Lost Boys. Once there, however, Wendy and her brothers are kidnapped by Captain Hook (Jason Isaacs). Peter, with assistance from the fairy Tink (Ludivine Sagnier), must face Hook in order to rescue the Darlings.
In this classic story of love and devotion set against the backdrop of the American Civil War, a wounded Confederate soldier named W.P. Inman (Jude Law) deserts his unit and travels across the South, aiming to return to his young wife, Ada (Nicole Kidman), who he left behind to tend their farm. As Inman makes his perilous journey home, Ada struggles to keep their home intact with the assistance of Ruby (Renée Zellweger), a mysterious drifter sent to help her by a kindly neighbor.
Former corporate whiz kid Robert McNamara was the controversial Secretary of Defense in the Kennedy and Johnson administrations, during the height of the Vietnam War. This Academy Award-winning documentary, augmented by archival footage, gives the conflicted McNamara a platform on which he attempts to confront his and the U.S. government's actions in Southeast Asia in light of the horrors of modern warfare, the end of ideology and the punitive judgment of history.
After the death of her best friend's husband from cancer, spirited Yorkshire housewife Chris Harper (Helen Mirren) hatches a scheme to raise money for a memorial to him. Utilizing a tradition from the hidebound Woman's Institute association, Chris encourages Annie (Julie Walters) and their friends to create a calendar -- with the novel detail of using the middle-aged women of their village as nude models. The idea stuns the husbands and a wary young photographer (Philip Glenister).
The culmination of nearly 10 years' work and conclusion to Peter Jackson's epic trilogy based on the timeless J.R.R. Tolkien classic, "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" presents the final confrontation between the forces of good and evil fighting for control of the future of Middle-earth. Hobbits Frodo and Sam reach Mordor in their quest to destroy the `one ring', while Aragorn leads the forces of good against Sauron's evil army at the stone city of Minas Tirith.
When aging womanizer Harry Sanborn (Jack Nicholson) and his young girlfriend, Marin (Amanda Peet), arrive at her family's beach house in the Hamptons, they find that her mother, dramatist Erica Barry (Diane Keaton), also plans to stay for the weekend. Erica is scandalized by the relationship and Harry's sexist ways. But when Harry has a heart attack, and a doctor (Keanu Reeves) prescribes bed rest at the Barry home, he finds himself falling for Erica -- who, for once, may be out of his league.
When Edward Bloom (Albert Finney) becomes ill, his son, William (Billy Crudup), travels to be with him. William has a strained relationship with Edward because his father has always told exaggerated stories about his life, and William thinks he's never really told the truth. Even on his deathbed, Edward recounts fantastical anecdotes. When William, who is a journalist, starts to investigate his father's tales, he begins to understand the man and his penchant for storytelling.
Capt. Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is an American military officer hired by the Emperor of Japan to train the country's first army in the art of modern warfare. As the government attempts to eradicate the ancient Samurai warrior class in preparation for more Westernized and trade-friendly policies, Algren finds himself unexpectedly affected by his encounters with the Samurai, which places him at the center of a struggle between two eras and two worlds.
Following Johan (Erland Josephson) and Marianne (Liv Ullmann) 30 years after the events of "Scenes from a Marriage," this sequel finds the couple long since divorced and remarried. After Johan separates from his second wife, and Marianne loses her second husband, the ex-lovers try to reconnect. Meanwhile, Johan's son, Henrik (Börje Ahlstedt), is having problems of his own with his daughter, Karin (Julia Dufvenius), a cellist whose career plans don't match her father's expectations.
Susan Tom has a very special family. For over a decade, she's raised 11 adopted children, all of whom have some sort of mental or physical disability. A former nurse who endured heartbreak of her own, Susan has devoted her entire life to caring for and providing for her children. Among them are Joe, a moody teenager with cystic fibrosis, and Anthony, who was born with a rare and painful skin disease. Through birthdays, doctor visits and family feuds, Susan is the family's rock.
Naina is bogged down by the conflict in her family. She falls in love with Aman, who unites her family and teaches her how to enjoy life, but he encourages her to fall in love with her best friend, Rohit.
In this dark comedy, the crotchety Willie T. Stokes (Billy Bob Thornton) and his partner (Tony Cox) reunite once a year for a holiday con. Posing as a mall Santa and his elf, they rip off shopping outlets on Christmas Eve. This year, however, Willie is falling apart. He's depressed and alcoholic, and his erratic behavior draws the suspicion of mall security (Bernie Mac). But when befriending a small boy brings out his kinder side, Willie begins to wonder if there is still some hope for him.
Truly down on his luck, lonely single guy Bernie Lootz (William H. Macy) works at a Las Vegas casino, where he uses his innate ability to bring about misfortune in those around him to jinx gamblers into losing. His imposing boss, Shelly Kaplow (Alec Baldwin), is happy with the arrangement. But Bernie finds unexpected happiness when he begins dating attractive waitress Natalie Belisario (Maria Bello) -- and when his contentment starts to affect his job, Shelly seeks to end the relationship.
This animated film follows elderly Frenchwoman Madame Souza as she becomes involved in international intrigue when her grandson, Champion, a professional cyclist, is kidnapped and taken abroad. Joined by her faithful dog, Bruno, Souza embarks on a journey to find Champion, and stumbles across unlikely allies in the form of three sisters who are veterans of the vaudeville stage. Tracking down Champion's criminal captors, the quartet of old women use their wits to try and win the day.
A photographer (Michael Hyatt) living in New York takes in a neighbor (Ana Reeder) who steals to support her addiction to drugs.
In a film that plays with the idea of straightforward storytelling, a group of troubled people find that they are linked in unpredictable ways. Paul Rivers (Sean Penn) is an academic dealing with a terminal heart condition, but his life is changed by a car crash that seems unrelated to his ailment. The traffic accident, involving ex-con Jack Jordan (Benicio Del Toro) and the husband of Cristina Peck (Naomi Watts), is one that ruins lives but ultimately also resurrects them.
In this sequel to "The Decline of the American Empire," middle-aged Montreal-based professor Rémy (Rémy Girard) discovers that he is terminally ill with cancer. This revelation leads to his reconnecting with his son, Sébastien (Stéphane Rousseau), a finance expert living in London who has embraced ideals that are at odds with his father's socialist leanings. As Remy reconnects with his son, and other relatives and friends, they discuss everything from sex to politics to philosophy.
In 1805, aboard the H.M.S. Surprise, the brash Captain Jack Aubrey (Russell Crowe) and his trusted friend, the ship's scholarly surgeon, Stephen Maturin (Paul Bettany), are ordered to hunt down and capture a powerful French vessel off the South American coast. Though Napoleon is winning the war and the men and their crew face an onslaught of obstacles, including their own internal battles, "Lucky Jack" is determined that nothing will stop the Surprise from completing its mission.
When Melvin (Michael Blieden) organizes a dinner party with an old friend (Matt Price), two more acquaintances tag along. The group sips wine and discusses the casual happenings of daily life amid flashbacks to past events, and as the evening progresses, the friends become comfortable with each other. Their conversations shift to intimate details about sex, marriage and relationships in this slice-of-life drama adapted from Blieden's stage play "Phyro-Giants!"
Shanae has accumulated an astonishing amount of trauma within her short life. At 10, she suffered a hideous gang-rape; alcohol and drug abuse followed; then she murdered a friend. Megan, on the other hand, dealt with a mother addicted to heroin, and, after fleeing numerous foster homes, attempted to stab another child. This documentary follows these two bright but troubled young girls at the Waxter Juvenile Facility in Baltimore as they struggle their way toward redemption and understanding.
A variety of adolescents at a suburban high school drift through a seemingly uneventful day, until two students arrive with violent intentions. Alex (Alex Frost) and Eric (Eric Deulen) have developed elaborate plans to enter their school and gun down as many of their peers as possible. Although Alex and Eric are seen as the victims of bullying, and the pair have carefully plotted their attack, most of the violence is committed with a detached sense of randomness.
Buddy (Will Ferrell) was accidentally transported to the North Pole as a toddler and raised to adulthood among Santa's elves. Unable to shake the feeling that he doesn't fit in, the adult Buddy travels to New York, in full elf uniform, in search of his real father. As it happens, this is Walter Hobbs (James Caan), a cynical businessman. After a DNA test proves this, Walter reluctantly attempts to start a relationship with the childlike Buddy with increasingly chaotic results.
Nine intertwined stories examine the complexities of the one emotion that connects us all: love. Among the characters explored are David (Hugh Grant), the handsome newly elected British prime minister who falls for a young junior staffer (Martine McCutcheon), Sarah (Laura Linney), a graphic designer whose devotion to her mentally ill brother complicates her love life, and Harry (Alan Rickman), a married man tempted by his attractive new secretary.
Young hotshot journalist Stephen Glass (Hayden Christensen) puts on a good show for his adoring editor, Michael Kelly (Hank Azaria), but admits deep insecurities to his fellow writer, Caitlin Avey (Chloë Sevigny). When Glass begins turning in outrageous stories, his popularity skyrockets, but rival journalist Charles Lane (Peter Sarsgaard) becomes suspicious as to their factual accuracy, and eventually discovers that Glass has been fabricating many of his sources.
Filmmakers examine the media's effects on democracy.
Quirky and rebellious April Burns (Katie Holmes) lives with her boyfriend in a low-rent New York City apartment miles away from her emotionally distant family. But when she discovers that her mother (Patricia Clarkson) has a fatal form of breast cancer, she invites the clan to her place for Thanksgiving. While her father (Oliver Platt) struggles to drive her family into the city, April -- an inexperienced cook -- runs into kitchen trouble and must ask a neighbor (Sean Hayes) for help.
After a workplace shooting in New Orleans, a trial against the gun manufacturer pits lawyer Wendell Rohr (Dustin Hoffman) against shady jury consultant Rankin Fitch (Gene Hackman), who uses illegal means to stack the jury with people sympathetic to the defense. But when juror Nicholas Easter (John Cusack) and his girlfriend, Marlee (Rachel Weisz), reveal their ability to sway the jury into delivering any verdict they want, a high-stakes cat-and-mouse game begins.
Claire, a Dutch girl, discovers a wounded boy hiding in the garden shed behind her adoptive parents' luxurious home. The boy is a narcotics courier from Afghanistan, who was left for dead after being shot by drug dealers once his services were no longer needed. Claire nurses the boy back to health and develops deep feelings for him as their relationship grows. The drug dealers discover the boy is still alive, prompting Claire to leave her family and run away with the boy she now loves.
A series of storylines, ranging from bizarre to deadly, runs on parallel tracks before coming to a head at 11:14 p.m. In a fairly typical American suburb, Buzzy (Hilary Swank) and Duffy (Shawn Hatosy) are arrested and find themselves in the police car that responds to a car accident involving Jack (Henry Thomas). Meanwhile, some local youths are rabble-rousing, and a teenage girl is planning a romantic rendezvous. Each is about to find their lives touched by misfortune.
A former assassin, known simply as The Bride (Uma Thurman), wakes from a coma four years after her jealous ex-lover Bill (David Carradine) attempts to murder her on her wedding day. Fueled by an insatiable desire for revenge, she vows to get even with every person who contributed to the loss of her unborn child, her entire wedding party, and four years of her life. After devising a hit list, The Bride sets off on her quest, enduring unspeakable injury and unscrupulous enemies.
When the daughter (Emmy Rossum) of ex-con Jimmy Marcus (Sean Penn) is murdered, two of his childhood friends from the neighborhood are involved. Dave (Tim Robbins), a blue-collar worker, was the last person to see her alive, while Sean (Kevin Bacon), a homicide detective, is heading up the case. As Sean proceeds with his investigation, Jimmy conducts one of his own through neighborhood contacts. Eventually, Jimmy suspects Dave is the culprit and considers taking the law into his own hands.
The life of train aficionado and downcast little person Finbar McBride (Peter Dinklage) takes an unexpected turn when his boss dies and wills him a railroad depot in New Jersey. He decides to relocate to the small town, where he befriends talkative food vendor Joe Oramas (Bobby Cannavale) and unhappy wife Olivia Harris (Patricia Clarkson). As the trio's interactions deepen, quirky conversations and outcomes ensue. McBride also gains insight from librarian Emily.
Overly enthusiastic guitarist Dewey Finn (Jack Black) gets thrown out of his bar band and finds himself in desperate need of work. Posing as a substitute music teacher at an elite private elementary school, he exposes his students to the hard rock gods he idolizes and emulates -- much to the consternation of the uptight principal (Joan Cusack). As he gets his privileged and precocious charges in touch with their inner rock 'n' roll animals, he imagines redemption at a local Battle of the Bands.
After falling into a lengthy coma following a freak accident involving hip gyration, a now aged Elvis Presley (Bruce Campbell) wakes up in an East Texas nursing home, where he befriends Jack (Ossie Davis), an African-American senior who claims to be President John F. Kennedy. After residents of their quiet retirement community start dying of dubiously unnatural causes, Elvis and Jack discover that the perpetrator is Bubba Ho-Tep (Bob Ivy), an Egyptian mummy with murderous intentions.
When Frances Mayes (Diane Lane) learns her husband is cheating on her from a writer whom she gave a bad review, her life is turned upside down. In an attempt to bring her out of a deep depression, her best friend, Patti (Sandra Oh), encourages Frances to take a tour of Italy. During the trip, the new divorcée impulsively decides to purchase a rural Tuscan villa and struggles to start her life anew amid colorful local characters, including the handsome Marcello (Raoul Bova).
A lonely, aging movie star named Bob Harris (Bill Murray) and a conflicted newlywed, Charlotte (Scarlett Johansson), meet in Tokyo. Bob is there to film a Japanese whiskey commercial; Charlotte is accompanying her celebrity-photographer husband. Strangers in a foreign land, the two find escape, distraction and understanding amidst the bright Tokyo lights after a chance meeting in the quiet lull of the hotel bar. They form a bond that is as unlikely as it is heartfelt and meaningful.
Beck (The Rock) is a tight-lipped bounty hunter who doesn't like to use a gun and accepts any job without asking questions. When Beck's employer, Walker (William Lucking), sends him to the Amazon to locate Walker's cocky son, Travis (Seann William Scott), Beck discovers a population controlled by a tyrannical treasure hunter (Christopher Walken). To survive, Beck and Travis must work together, without their affections for a mysterious rebel (Rosario Dawson) getting in the way.
When a family en route to a Christmas Eve gathering decides to takes a shortcut down a wooded road, an eerie sequence of events signals trouble ahead. After nearly colliding with an oncoming car, father Frank (Ray Wise) picks up a ghostly hitchhiker (Amber Smith) and her infant child. With the sudden appearance of their new passengers, the route becomes dark and treacherous -- and the family's numbers rapidly begin to dwindle in a series of seemingly connected, grisly roadside accidents.
A shy adolescent boy, Walter (Haley Joel Osment), is taken by his greedy mother (Kyra Sedgwick) to spend the summer with his two hard-boiled great-uncles, Hub (Robert Duvall) and Garth (Michael Caine), who are rumored to possess a great fortune. At first, the two old men, both set in their ways, find Walter's presence a nuisance, but they eventually warm up to the boy and regale him with tall tales from their past. In return, Walter helps reawaken their youthful spirit.
A young Buddhist apprentice is mentored by an aging monk (Yeong-su Oh) at a secluded monastery in the Korean wilderness. As a teenager, the apprentice (Jae-kyeong Seo) encounters a girl who arrives at the monastery seeking assistance with her health. Over the course of a few days, the boy is tempted away from his spiritual existence into a sexual relationship. He leaves the monastery to follow the girl into a modern way of life he has never known and is unprepared for.
This visually impressive IMAX documentary follows an expedition of oceanographers as they journey into the deep waters of the ocean, searching for new life forms in areas where no life was previously believed to exist. Otherworldly-looking sea creatures and exquisite plant life are discovered, but also underwater volcanoes that may help scientists understand more closely how the universe was actually formed. This short film is narrated by actor Ed Harris.
Roy (Nicolas Cage), a depressed con artist with obsessive-compulsive disorder, and Frank (Sam Rockwell), his partner, find their line of work complicated by the arrival of Roy's teenage daughter, Angela (Alison Lohman). Angela brings some spirit back into Roy's life, and some of his disorder symptoms seem to disappear. But when Angela wants to learn the family business, and Roy allows her to assist on a big scam concerning a businessmen (Bruce McGill), he reconsiders his parenting techniques.
Unhappy with his overall life, Steven Schoichet (Adrien Brody) decides to pursue his dream to be a professional ventriloquist. His family is neither supportive nor particularly critical. Luckily, Steven finds work through an attractive unemployment counselor (Vera Farmiga). While any potential romance is complicated by Steven's personal baggage -- and friends like Fangora (Milla Jovovich), who can't help giving bad relationship advice -- things start to change, thanks to his devotion to his art.
Return of the mythic guitar-slinging hero, El Mariachi (Antonio Banderas), in the final installment of the Mariachi/Desperado trilogy. The saga continues as El Mariachi makes his way across a rugged landscape on the blood trail of Barrillo (Willem Dafoe), a cartel kingpin with one last score to settle who is planning a coup d'etat against the president of Mexico. Enlisted by Sands (Johnny Depp), a corrupt CIA agent, El Mariachi demands retribution.
A bush pilot (Barry Pepper) agrees to take a young Inuit (Annabella Piugattuk) to a hospital, but the plane nosedives, and they must make their way out of the Arctic.
This compilation of footage from the Grateful Dead's Canadian train tour depicts the height of the band's music and fame for five days in 1970, along with that of performances from Janis Joplin, Buddy Guy, The Band and The Flying Burrito Brothers. However, there's also a dark side shown alongside the seminal concerts, as when the train stops, the musicians are often confronted with worried promoters, inquisitive reporters and protesting students who can't afford ticket prices.
Director Mario Van Peebles chronicles the complicated production of his father Melvin's classic 1971 film, "Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song." Playing his father in the film, Van Peebles offers an unapologetic account of Melvin's brash and sometimes deceptive conduct on the set of the film, including questionable antics like writing bad checks, tricking a local fire department and allowing his son, Mario, to shoot racy sex scenes at the age of 11.
Filmmaker Ulrich Seidl films six devout Austrians as they pray in church.
Blind traveler Zatoichi (Beat Takeshi) is a master swordsman and a masseur with a fondness for gambling on dice games. When he arrives in a village torn apart by warring gangs, he sets out to protect the townspeople. He is also enlisted to help two sibling geisha, Okinu (Yûko Daike) and Osei (Daigorô Tachibana), avenge the murder of their parents, who were slaughtered in a massacre. Zatoichi must fight his way through numerous enemies before finally clashing with a heartless crime boss.
Middle-aged alcoholic Gin (Toru Emori), teenage runaway Miyuki (Aya Okamoto) and former drag queen Hana (Yoshiaki Umegaki) are a trio of homeless people surviving as a makeshift family on the streets of Tokyo. While rummaging in the trash for food on Christmas Eve, they stumble upon an abandoned newborn baby in a trash bin. With only a handful of clues to the baby's identity, the three misfits search the streets of Tokyo for help in returning the baby to its parents.
Fanda (Vlastimil Brodský) refuses to act like the old man he is. Rather, he squanders the savings that his wife, Emilie (Stella Zazvorkova), has put away for their eventual burials and funerals by playing pranks and running up large food and drink tabs with his friend, Eda (Stanislav Zindulka). Their son, Jara (Ondrej Vetchý), wants Fanda to grow up and is trying to get both his parents to move out of his place into a retirement home, but Fanda won't take on the responsibilities of old age.
In 1964, three teenage Irish girls are sent to a Magdalene asylum, an archaic home for "fallen women," though their crimes aren't criminal. Rose (Dorothy Duffy) is pregnant out of wedlock, Bernadette (Nora-Jane Noone) has been caught flirting with a boy at school, and Margaret (Anne-Marie Duff) is sentenced for having been raped by a family member. There, the girls perform hard labor supervised by cruel nuns, led by the sneering Sister Bridget (Geraldine McEwan) -- and dream of escape.
Honor student Tracy Freeland (Evan Rachel Wood) has a troubling home life, but she is close to her mother, Melanie (Holly Hunter). While trying to conceal her inner turmoil by excelling academically, she befriends the calculating Evie (Nikki Reed), her school's queen bee. Evie talks Tracy into experimenting with drugs, exploring her sexuality and pickpocketing strangers to finance shopping sprees -- but before long, Melanie realizes she must step in and stop her daughter's destructive lifestyle.
Game show television producer Chuck Barris (Sam Rockwell) is at the height of his career. His creation, "The Dating Game," is one of the network's top shows and he has just been given the post of hosting his latest brainchild, "The Gong Show." But what the public and industry big-wigs are unaware of is that Chuck Barris, game show pioneer, is also a covert assassin. He works for the C.I.A. and claims to have killed 33 people.
Underground comic book writer Harvey Pekar, portrayed by Paul Giamatti but also appearing as himself, is the subject of this inventive biopic. Much of the film focuses on the eccentric Pekar's day-to-day life in Cleveland, particularly his relationship with his patient wife, Joyce Brabner (played by Hope Davis and also appearing as herself). As Pekar's musings are brought to the screen in this unique and engaging production, the movie playfully incorporates comic book-like panels.
Boss Spearman (Robert Duvall) and his cowhands Charley (Kevin Costner) and Mose (Abraham Benrubi) are driving cattle across a large expanse of country. When Mose ventures into a sparse village to buy a few necessities, he is met with violent hostility from Denton Baxter (Michael Gambon), an affluent landowner, and his right-hand man, Poole (James Russo). When Mose doesn't come back, Boss and Charley realize he's in trouble, so they plot to get him back and get revenge on those who captured him.
In a documentary shot in waters all over the globe, director Dana Brown takes on tall waves and surfers who live to challenge them. The film treks from the Irish coast, where a trio of American brothers take on the Atlantic surf, to Rapa Nui in the Pacific, where the Easter Island statues gaze out at board-riding daredevils. Brown also finds good surfing in unlikely places, like Wisconsin and Texas, and charts the rise of female surfers in a sport traditionally dominated by males.
Jess Bhamra (Parminder Nagra), the daughter of a strict Indian couple (Anupam Kher, Shaheen Khan) in London, is not permitted to play organized soccer, even though she is 18. When Jess is playing for fun one day, her impressive skills are seen by Jules Paxton (Keira Knightley), who then convinces Jess to play for her semi-pro team. Jess uses elaborate excuses to hide her matches from her family while also dealing with her romantic feelings for her coach, Joe.
After Dublin resident John (Cillian Murphy) attempts a "trial" breakup with his girlfriend (Kelly Macdonald), she starts dating a middle-aged banker, and John quickly realizes his mistake. A chance encounter introduces him to small-time crook Lehiff (Colin Farrell), and together they team up to get revenge on the banker by stealing from his bank. Unluckily for them, a local hotshot police detective (Colm Meaney) has it out for Lehiff, and his increased scrutiny threatens to unravel their plot.
At Camp Ovation, kids of all ages spend their summer expressing themselves through dance, music and theater. Vlad (Daniel Letterle) is a singer-songwriter and first-time camper caught between talented but insecure Ellen (Joanna Chilcoat) and provocative Jill (Alana Allen). Besides romance, the campers grapple with complicated issues, including sexual identity, self-respect and parental pressure, as they grow closer together and prove their talents to the bitter camp director (Don Dixon).
In the midst of the Great Depression, a businessman (Jeff Bridges) coping with the tragic death of his son, a jockey with a history of brutal injuries (Tobey Maguire) and a down-and-out horse trainer (Chris Cooper) team up to help Seabiscuit, a temperamental, undersized racehorse. At first the horse struggles to win, but eventually Seabiscuit becomes one of the most successful thoroughbreds of all time, and inspires a nation at a time when it needs it most.
Vigo, a port town in Spain, has fallen on hard times. The shipbuilding industry, which was a primary source of jobs, has laid off many workers. Several of these erstwhile shipbuilders spend their newfound free time at a local bar owned by their friend Rico (Joaquín Climent). The group is headed by Santa (Javier Bardem), a steadfast pragmatist who tries to keep the spirits of the men high. Troubles are many, however, including the marital problems of Amador (Celso Bugallo) and José (Luis Tosar).
In London, Okwe (Chiwetel Ejiofor) is an undocumented alien from Nigeria who works as a cabbie and moonlights as a hotel attendant. He shares living quarters with Turkish émigré Senay (Audrey Tautou). Working late one evening, Okwe is called up to one of the hotel suites. Inside, he finds a prostitute standing by a toilet that's clogged with a human heart. This leads him to the hotel manager (Sergi López), and he soon uncovers a darker side to his employer and his adopted city.
After his successful first novel, James Mortmain (Bill Nighy) has been unable to write for 12 years, retreating to his decrepit family castle with his second wife, Topaz (Tara Fitzgerald), and daughters Rose (Rose Byrne) and Cassandra (Romola Garai). With the family in desperate straits, their hopes are raised by the arrival of their new neighbors, American brothers Neil (Marc Blucas) and Simon Cotton (Henry Thomas). To save the family, Rose is determined to seduce and marry the wealthy Simon.
When uptight British writer Sarah Morton (Charlotte Rampling) has difficulty with her new detective novel, her publisher, John Bosload (Charles Dance), sends her to his French country home to unwind. Once Sarah warms up to her new surroundings, her peace and quiet is interrupted by the arrival of Bosload's daughter, Julie (Ludivine Sagnier), a beautiful, uninhibited young woman. Though the two clash, they eventually form an unlikely bond -- one that is strained when things take a dramatic turn.
Capt. Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) arrives at Port Royal in the Caribbean without a ship or crew. His timing is inopportune, however, because later that evening the town is besieged by a pirate ship. The pirates kidnap the governor's daughter, Elizabeth (Keira Knightley), who's in possession of a valuable coin that is linked to a curse that has transformed the pirates into the undead. A gallant blacksmith (Orlando Bloom) in love with Elizabeth allies with Sparrow in pursuit of the pirates.
A group of misguided animal rights activists free a caged chimp infected with the "Rage" virus from a medical research lab. When London bike courier Jim (Cillian Murphy) wakes up from a coma a month after, he finds his city all but deserted. On the run from the zombie-like victims of the Rage, Jim stumbles upon a group of survivors, including Selena (Naomie Harris) and cab driver Frank (Brendan Gleeson), and joins them on a perilous journey to what he hopes will be safety.
Lynn (Shu Qi) is a professional assassin, hacker and espionage specialist. While her shyer sister, Sue, handles the computer aspects of missions at home, Lynn takes on all the dangerous tasks. Sue resents Lynn for underestimating her, though Lynn is just trying to protect her younger sister. Police detective Hong (Karen Mok) pursues the two after they successfully kill the chairman of a major company, but all three must work together when a common enemy wants them dead.
Filmmaker Martin Doblmeier profiles Dietrich Bonhoeffer, a young Christian theologian who was hanged in a Nazi concentration camp.
While preparing a documentary about children's birthday party entertainers, filmmaker Andrew Jarecki learned that one of his subjects, professional clown David Friedman, was the son and brother of two men who had been convicted of child sexual abuse in a high-profile 1980s criminal trial. Using home videos made by the Friedman family before and during the trial, as well as new interviews, Jarecki explores the conflicting stories of the accused, the alleged victims and the investigators.
Set and vibrantly photographed in the Washington Heights section of Manhattan, "Manito" is the fictional yet richly detailed story of a day in the life of two Latino brothers, Junior (Franky G.) and Manny (Leo Minaya). Told using techniques of cinema verité, "Manito" manages to capture multiple facets of a New York neighborhood and the people who live there.
After being institutionalized in a mental hospital, Korean teen Su-mi (Yeom Jeong-ah) reunites with her beloved sister, Su-yeon (Su-jeong Lim), and they return to live at their country home. The girls' widower father (Mun Geun-yeong) has remarried, and the siblings are immediately resentful of his new wife, Eun-joo (Kap-su Kim). As Su-mi and Su-yeon try to resume their regular lives, strange events plague the house, leading to surprising revelations and a shocking conclusion.
Only males are allowed to ascend to chiefdom in a Maori tribe in New Zealand. This ancient custom is upset when the child selected to be the next chief dies at birth. However his twin sister, Pai (Keisha Castle-Hughes), survives. At age 12, she enlists the help of her grandmother (Vicky Haughton) and the training of her uncle (Grant Roa) to claim her birthright. But to break with convention, she'll have to do the impossible: win over her ultra-traditional grandfather (Rawiri Paratene).
Young misfit May (Angela Bettis) endured a difficult childhood because of her lazy eye. And though contact lenses have helped May adjust as a young adult, her deep-seated awkwardness remains a problem. Adam (Jeremy Sisto), a young man obsessed with fixing wrecked cars, takes a shine to May's oddball ways. But May's strangeness ultimately drives him away, leaving her open to the advances of her co-worker Polly (Anna Faris). When Polly dumps her too, May's emotional instability turns violent.
A collection of nine short films features stories related to "The Matrix."
After a heist in Venice, Steve (Edward Norton) turns on his partners in crime, killing safecracker John Bridger (Donald Sutherland) and keeping all the gold for himself. The rest of the team, including leader Charlie Croker (Mark Wahlberg), driver Handsome Rob (Jason Statham), explosives man Left Ear (Mos Def) and tech geek Lyle (Seth Green), vows revenge. They enlist the help of Bridger's daughter, Stella (Charlize Theron), and plot to recover the gold from Steve's Los Angeles mansion.
Marlin (Albert Brooks), a clown fish, is overly cautious with his son, Nemo (Alexander Gould), who has a foreshortened fin. When Nemo swims too close to the surface to prove himself, he is caught by a diver, and horrified Marlin must set out to find him. A blue reef fish named Dory (Ellen DeGeneres) -- who has a really short memory -- joins Marlin and complicates the encounters with sharks, jellyfish, and a host of ocean dangers. Meanwhile, Nemo plots his escape from a dentist's fish tank.
It's 1962, and feminist Barbara Novak (Renée Zellweger) pens a best-selling book that details the drawbacks of love. She encourages women to forgo serious relationships with men in favor of independence, workplace achievements and satisfying sex. Despite her success, many men are taken aback by her progressive views, including slick writer Catcher Block (Ewan McGregor), who decides to expose Barbara as a fraud by making her fall in love with him. However, his plan has unexpected consequences.
While Liam (Martin Compston) waits for his mother to be released from prison, he aggressively resists the demands of his stepfather and grandfather that he use his mother as a drug mule. Liam dreams of a better life for her, and decides that when she gets out of jail he will take her far away from their family and their former life. However, this plan requires money, so Liam gets it the only way he knows how -- by stealing his stepfather's drugs and selling them on the street.
Follows the fate of Lyle (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a violent adolescent who, in lieu of prison, is placed in a juvenile mental institution where he encounters a group of equally troubled teens. This motley crew - abused, sexually confused, violent, and yet hanging on by their grit and anger - becomes Lyle's last lifeline as he fights to find meaning in a world that seems to defy understanding.
Milan (Johnny Hallyday) is a beleaguered old thief who rolls into a small French town with the aim of robbing its bank. However, a chance meeting with a local professor, Monsieur Manesquier (Jean Rochefort), delays his scheme and leads to an unexpected friendship. Milan has grown tired of his adventurous life on the run and wishes to retire in peace; Manesquier craves the danger he's never known in his bookish existence. Their shared admiration and envy inspires each to follow his dream.
Freedom fighters Neo (Keanu Reeves), Trinity (Carrie-Anne Moss) and Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne) continue to lead the revolt against the Machine Army, unleashing their arsenal of extraordinary skills and weaponry against the systematic forces of repression and exploitation. In their quest to save the human race from extinction, they gain greater insight into the construct of The Matrix and Neo's pivotal role in the fate of mankind.
Stryker (Brian Cox), a villianous former Army commander, holds the key to Wolverine's (Hugh Jackman) past and the future of the X-Men. This threat re-ignites the call for a mutant registration act. Stryker starts a full-out assault on Professor Xavier's (Patrick Stewart) mansion and school. After escaping his plastic cell, Magneto (Ian McKellen) proposes a partnership with Xavier and the X-Men to combat this new formidable enemy they both have in common.
In 1986, Park (Song Kang-ho) and Cho (Kim Roi-ha) are two simple-minded detectives assigned to a double murder investigation in a South Korean province. But when the murderer strikes several more times with the same pattern, the detectives realize that they are chasing the country's first documented serial killer. Relying on only their basic skills and tools, Park and Jo attempt to piece together the clues and solve the case in this thriller based on true events.
Meg is a gifted but emotionally scarred 18-year-old. Meg finds solace in writing poetry. Mr. Auster, her English teacher, recognizes her talent and steps into the role of mentor and father figure, encouraging her to enter a national poetry contest for which he is a judge. As tension at home escalates and Meg struggles to find a way to get to the poetry finals in Florida, Auster's role in her life becomes increasingly complex.
A barren soundstage is stylishly utilized to create a minimalist small-town setting in which a mysterious woman named Grace (Nicole Kidman) hides from the criminals who pursue her. The town is two-faced and offers to harbor Grace as long as she can make it worth their effort, so Grace works hard under the employ of various townspeople to win their favor. Tensions flare, however, and Grace's status as a helpless outsider provokes vicious contempt and abuse from the citizens of Dogville.
The Sullivan family emigrates from Ireland to New York City as father Johnny (Paddy Considine) chases his dream of being an actor. Living in a small Hell's Kitchen apartment, the family settles into American life despite their deplorable living conditions. Wife Sarah (Samantha Morton) works at an ice parlor while Johnny looks for work as an actor, both haunted by memories of their dead son, Frankie. Daughter Christie (Sarah Bolger) documents the family's American journey with a video camera.
When a vicious storm breaks out in the Nevada desert, 10 people seek refuge in an isolated motel. At the same time, a serial killer (Pruitt Taylor Vince) under the care of psychiatrist Doctor Mallick (Alfred Molina) -- who has just found the killer's revealing journal -- awaits execution for murdering a group of motel guests. When the storm-stranded travelers realize they are being killed off one by one, limo driver Ed Dakota (John Cusack) bids to stay alive and reveal the murderer's identity.
In this glossy neo-noir caper, expert grifter Jake Vig (Edward Burns) inadvertently crosses volatile crime boss the King (Dustin Hoffman) and, to make it right, he must agree to con banker Morgan Price (Robert Forster). He assembles his team, including Lily (Rachel Weisz) and Gordo (Paul Giamatti), but things get complicated fast with the arrival of Special Agent Gunther Butan (Andy Garcia), who has been tracking Jake for years. As the con goes down, Jake can't say who's double crossing whom.
A boy and his friends question the motives of a woman (Sigourney Weaver) who forces them to dig holes at a detention camp.
This documentary presents an epic portrait of winter bird migration. Filmed on all seven continents over four years, the footage is brought together into one portrait of a journey that's uniformly arduous for all kinds of different birds. Rather than concentrating on statistics and facts, the film near-wordlessly portrays the sheer physical effort demanded of the birds on their disparate routes. Along the way, we see the many dangers they face, from man-made waste to a group of hungry crabs.
In this hilarious backstage mockumentary, three eclectic, never-quite-famous folk bands come together for the first time in decades following the death of their manager to put on an reunion concert in his honor, at the request of his son (Bob Balaban). For the members of The Folksmen, The New Main Street Singers, and Mitch & Mickey, time has not been kind. As the show approaches, apprehension sets in, romances are rekindled and ambitions are permanently deferred.
Veteran filmmaker James Cameron delves into the inspiration for his film "Titanic" by traveling to the mammoth cruise liner's final resting spot. Accompanied by a team of historians and friend Bill Paxton, Cameron uses unprecedented technology to take the viewer on an unscripted tour of this famous wreckage. This look back through time allows audiences to see never-before-photographed images and understand more about what transpired on that fateful night.
After not seeing his younger friend for several years, documentary director Steve James decides to catch up with the Illinois boy he once mentored. No longer the nerdy preteen James once knew, Stephen Fielding is now a damaged adult who has had repeated problems with the law. While reproaching himself for not maintaining a closer relationship with his old friend, James tries to understand Fielding's evolution from abused child to a man convicted of serious crimes.
Driven away by dysfunction and repressed memories of child abuse at the hands of her father, recovering alcoholic Agnes (Molly Parker) returns home to Sydney, Nova Scotia, upon news that her ill mother, Rose (Marguerite McNeil), is expected to die soon. At home, the damaged Agnes joins her two equally scarred sisters, Theresa (Rebecca Jenkins) and Louise (Stacy Smith), in the caretaking responsibilities of their mother, a reunion that begins the process of emotional healing for the four women.
A phone call can change your life, but for one man it can also end it. Set entirely within and around the confines of a New York City phone booth. "Phone Booth" follows a slick media consultant (Colin Farrell) who is trapped after being told by a caller -- a serial killer with a sniper rifle -- that he'll be shot dead if he hangs up.
The story - which crosses both sexual and racial lines - revolves around a privileged suburban family whose lives are filled with daily family etiquette, social events at the club, and an overall desire to keep up with the Joneses. The family is turned upside down when both husband and wife are faced with choices that not only create a gossip mill for the entire community but also change their entire lives forever.
The all-stars of Southern comedy collaborate in this uproarious live stand-up experience. In the summer of 2002, Jeff Foxworthy, Bill Engvall, Ron White and Larry the Cable Guy barnstorm the country with their unique brand of working-class humor. This film documenting the tour captures the highlights of the comedians' hilarious acts, while also going behind the scenes to give viewers a candid look at each of these irrepressible comic personalities.
On New York City's Lower East Side, Dominican teen and aspiring ladies' man Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk) has nothing but girls on his mind. Though he talks a big game at the local pool, Vargas' true experience amounts to nothing more than a string of romantic rejections. After Vargas fails to improve his abysmal reputation by bedding an overweight classmate, he chooses a much more difficult target -- the stunning and stuck-up Judy Ramirez (Judy Marte).
In this animated feature, Piglet (John Fiedler) is the smallest of all his friends, which doesn't account for his big heart and bold attitude. But, try as he might, Piglet cannot convey his personality to his friends -- not even to Winnie the Pooh (Jim Cummings) ! Piglet becomes fed up after being excluded from a honey-thieving scheme, so strikes out on his own to do some thinking. But when Piglet's friends discover he's missing, the only clue they have to go on is a scrapbook he left behind.
A young painter (Alejandro Ferretis), beleaguered by life, sets off in search of a place to kill himself. When he rumbles into a remote village deep in rural Mexico, he is quick to tell Ascen (Magdalena Flores), the kindly older widow who takes him in, that he intends to commit suicide. Yet, as days roll by, he finds himself drawn out of his depression and into Ascen's life by her surprising allure. Before long, her compassion and fortitude inspire the young man to give life a second chance.
Seventeen-year-old Nói (Tómas Lemarquis), an albino, lives with his grandmother, Lina (Anna Fridriksdottir), in an isolated town in Iceland. Bright but bored with a life that offers no possibility of change or excitement, Nói amuses himself by antagonizing teachers and administrators at school, which angers his father, Kiddi (Þröstur Leó Gunnarsson). His daily routine is brightened by the arrival of Iris (Elin Hansdottir), a young gas station attendant Nói dreams of running away with.
The main bands from the Britpop music scene of the 1990s expose the truth behind the myths and legends.
After discovering his girlfriend (Juliette Lewis) has been participating in group sex, attorney Mitch (Luke Wilson) feels his world come undone. He moves into a new place, which happens to be near a college campus, and tries to get his life back together. Two of his best friends, Frank (Will Ferrell) and Beanie (Vince Vaughn), start hanging out at Mitch's house, eventually turning the place into a wild party pad, much to the ire of the college's dean, Gordon "Cheese" Pritchard (Jeremy Piven).
"Amandla! A Revolution In Four-Part Harmony" is a soul-stirring documentary that uses exclusive interviews and rare, never-before-seen film footage to document the vital role that music played in the nearly half-century struggle against apartheid in South Africa. This inspirational documentary, which took nine years to make, is a testimony to the power of song and its ability to fuel the struggle for freedom.
Paul (Paul Schneider) is living it up as a small-town Casanova, happily hopping from one one-night-stand to the next. When Noel (Zooey Deschanel) -- the virginal younger sister of his best friend, Tip (Shea Whigham) -- returns home, grown up and gorgeous, Paul falls for her. But because of his sordid past, Tip is suspicious of his pal's intentions. To make his relationship with Noel work, Paul will have to prove to his family and friends that he can be a man worthy of her love.
Friends Gerry (Casey Affleck) and Gerry (Matt Damon) hike into Death Valley, but they stray so far from the trail that they have no idea how to get back. Initially, they maintain morale by rehashing old stories and reciting inside jokes, but the gravity of their situation sinks in as a return to civilization becomes more unlikely. As the sheer scope, hypnotic pull and spirit-crushing mirages of the desert affect the men, their will to live and sense of identity is challenged and transformed.
From the classic novel by Graham Greene comes a murder mystery centered on a love triangle set against the French Indochina War in Vietnam, circa 1952. It's the story of a veteran English journalist (Michael Caine), a young American (Brendan Fraser), and a beautiful Vietnamese woman caught between them. This is a world where nothing is what it seems -- suffused with opium, intrigue, and betrayal.
Visionary director Terry Gilliam has a dream. He wants to film the classic story of Don Quixote by recasting it as a trippy, time-traveling, mistaken-identity adventure with Johnny Depp as Quixote. After struggling for years to get financing, insurance and a cast in place, Gilliam travels to Spain and promptly watches his dream fall apart. From flash floods to cast no-shows to serious injuries, Gilliam and his crew suffer one setback after another.
Maya Deren was already a respected writer and artist by the time she picked up a film camera and created the groundbreaking avant-garde film "Meshes of the Afternoon." A leading figure in the independent art scene of the 1940s and '50s, Deren would go on to influence a generation of alternative artists. Noted experimental filmmakers like Jonas Mekas and Stan Brakhage, along with Deren's ex-husband, talk about Deren's ambitious nature and the haunting power of her work.
Nazi officer Kurt Gerstein (Ulrich Tukur), a chemist by training, is assigned to develop a disinfectant to purify water for the German army, but soon discovers that his invention, Zyklon B, is being used to exterminate imprisoned Jews. Horrified, he approaches a number of diplomatic figures with his story, but only Riccardo Fontana (Mathieu Kassovitz), a priest, takes him seriously. Fontana returns to the Vatican but is informed by his superiors that they have more pressing concerns.
A decidedly unconventional family, the Grodins lead a secluded, self-sufficient existence in rural New Mexico. Bo (Valentina de Angelis) is a restless young girl. Her father, Charley (Sam Elliott), is mired in depression, and her mother, Arlene (Joan Allen), provides for the family by tending to their garden. Their simple, though not trouble-free, lives are disrupted when an Internal Revenue Service agent (Jim True-Frost) arrives, asking questions about their unusual lifestyle.
This documentary chronicles the writer Charles Bukowski, who is as well known for his drinking binges as for his poetry and prose. Using interviews with Bukowski and other footage, filmmaker John Dullaghan tells the story of a man who struggles to make a living while he writes from the heart. Then, after editor John Martin of Black Sparrow Press discovers Bukowski, his work becomes much more widely read. The film also includes comments from famous fans Bono, Sean Penn and Harry Dean Stanton.
In the poverty-stricken favelas of Rio de Janeiro in the 1970s, two young men choose different paths. Rocket (Seu Jorge) is a budding photographer who documents the increasing drug-related violence of his neighborhood. José "Zé" Pequeno (Leandro Firmino da Hora) is an ambitious drug dealer who uses Rocket and his photos as a way to increase his fame as a turf war erupts with his rival, "Knockout Ned" (Matheus Nachtergaele). The film was shot on location in Rio's poorest neighborhoods.
In the impoverished Los Angeles neighborhood of Compton, a group of intrepid inner-city students and two courageous teachers attempt to do what has not been done in more than 20 years: put on a school theatrical production. They choose the Thornton Wilder classic "Our Town" and attempt to put the show together without any funding or even a stage. The students struggle to find the extra time and discipline required to perform in a play, not to mention remembering lines and learning how to act.
After serving time for killing a man in a hit-and-run car accident, Hong Jong-du (Kyung-gu Sol) is released with no money and nowhere to go. His family has abandoned him. While trying to make amends, he meets Han Gong-ju (So-ri Moon), his victim's adult daughter. She is wheelchair-bound due to cerebral palsy and all but abandoned in a cheap apartment by her callous family. Gong-ju's innate tenderness appeals to the uncontrollably impulsive Jong-du, and the pair begin an improbable relationship.
In New York City in the days following the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Monty Brogan (Edward Norton) steels himself for a lengthy jail term. Brogan is a convicted drug dealer about to start a seven-year prison sentence, and his final hours of freedom are devoted to hanging out with his closest buddies (Philip Seymour Hoffman, Barry Pepper) and trying to prepare his girlfriend, Naturelle Riviera (Rosario Dawson), for his extended absence.
In this prequel to the original, a rebel policeman sets up the infiltration of Triad gangs and tries bring down a corrupt cop working for the Triad boss.
This documentary offers evidence that the transition from communism to free-market capitalism has proven rocky for many Eastern European countries. A huge American energy corporation assumes control of the now privatized electric company in the capital of the former Soviet Republic of Georgia. The company tries to help the Georgian people grow accustomed to paying for their electricity. But the Georgians, like many who were formerly under Soviet rule, are used to a different way of life.
When a beautiful woman named Anna (Sandrine Bonnaire) mistakes a psychiatrist's office for that of tax attorney William (Fabrice Luchini), she unwittingly confesses her deepest and darkest secrets to a perfect stranger. Sexually repressed and lonely, William doesn't have the courage to reveal his true identity to Anna. Maintaining the deception, William begins to enjoy the fake therapy sessions. Every week, the pair meet, and they forge an odd and erotic relationship.
The third book in Patricia Highsmith's Ripley series, "Ripley's Ball" is set in present day Italy, where art connoisseur, harpsichord aficionado, master of soufflés and genius of improvisational murder, Ripley (John Malkovich) finds his complacency shaken when he is scorned at a local party. While any ordinary sociopath might repay the insult with some mild act of retribution, the game Ripley has in mind is far subtler, and infinitely more sinister.
Frankie (Kevin McKidd) looks back on his wasted life as he is beaten senseless by a group of thugs in an alleyway. As a child, Frankie lived under the influence of his drunken, philandering father. As a teenager, he fell in with a gang of skinheads who unleashed their pent-up rage across the city of Edinburgh, Scotland. As an adult, however, he seeks help and becomes involved with two women -- an art student (Laura Fraser) and a fellow addict (Susan Lynch) -- who may prove to be his salvation.
Catarina (Alice Teghil) moves with her father, Giancarlo (Sergio Castellitto), and mother, Agata (Margherita Buy), from her country town to Rome. At her high school, she finds herself in the middle of a tug-of-war between leftists, led by Margherita (Carolina Iaquaniello), and opposing rightists, led by Daniela (Federica Sbrenna) -- and they all want to use her for their own ends. Her overbearing father gets in on the act, hoping the parents of Caterina's new friends can get his novel published.
In the late 19th century, King Leopold II uses the Congo -- part of his newly established kingdom, the Belgian Free State -- as a rubber and ivory mecca. His greed knows no bounds. Leopold's troops brutally dispose of anyone who refuses to retrieve the valuable materials, and nearly 10 million Congolese are killed through overwork or failing to comply. Using documents, reenactments and interviews with historians, this documentary chronicles Leopold's 40-year reign of terror.
Consisting mostly of shots from other films, this documentary discusses the many representations of the city of Los Angeles in film and on television. Professor Thom Andersen compares the city as it exists in real life with its depictions on screen to examine how L.A. and its massive community have been misrepresented over the years. In addition to critical analysis, Andersen explains how directors portray the city itself as a character, and he also delves into L.A.'s dark history.
This documentary catches up with Bruce Bickford, known for his far-out animated collaborations with rock musician Frank Zappa during the '70s. He later became a recluse. Today he no longer makes films for any particular audience, yet remains creative. The film shows Bickford toiling away alone, fashioning clay universes of all shapes and sizes, replete with magical forests and mythical creatures. He also takes care of his father, George, a retired engineer who shares some of his obsessions.
A developmentally disabled man meets an extraterrestrial after a huge spacecraft leaves it behind.
This is the story of a young artist named Adolf Hitler (Noah Taylor) and his relationship with a Jewish art dealer and teacher, Max Hoffman (John Cusack) in 1918. As the 29-year-old WWI veteran's attempts to learn his art fail to match his hopes, Hitler's interests turn elsewhere ... to hatred of Jews, and Germany's future.
Nightclub sensation Velma (Catherine Zeta-Jones) murders her philandering husband, and Chicago's slickest lawyer, Billy Flynn (Richard Gere), is set to defend her. But when Roxie (Renée Zellweger) also winds up in prison, Billy takes on her case as well -- turning her into a media circus of headlines. Neither woman will be outdone in their fight against each other and the public for fame and celebrity.
In this adaptation of the autobiography "The Pianist: The Extraordinary True Story of One Man's Survival in Warsaw, 1939-1945," Wladyslaw Szpilman (Adrien Brody), a Polish Jewish radio station pianist, sees Warsaw change gradually as World War II begins. Szpilman is forced into the Warsaw Ghetto, but is later separated from his family during Operation Reinhard. From this time until the concentration camp prisoners are released, Szpilman hides in various locations among the ruins of Warsaw.
"The Hours" is the story of three women searching for more potent, meaningful lives. Each is alive at a different time and place, all are linked by their yearnings and their fears. Their stories intertwine, and finally come together in a surprising, transcendent moment of shared recognition.
After the death of the family patriarch, young Nicholas Nickleby (Charlie Hunnam) and his family are left with no means to survive. The family is forced to split up, and Nicholas lands in a school run by brutish principal Wackford Squeers (Jim Broadbent). Eventually, Nicholas makes a friend named Smike (Jamie Bell), and the two boys break free. Nicholas reunites with his family, but learns he must now defend his sister from the advances of menacing suitor Sir Mulberry Hawk (Edward Fox).
Frank Abagnale, Jr. (Leonardo DiCaprio) worked as a doctor, a lawyer, and as a co-pilot for a major airline -- all before his 18th birthday. A master of deception, he was also a brilliant forger, whose skill gave him his first real claim to fame: At the age of 17, Frank Abagnale, Jr. became the most successful bank robber in the history of the U.S. FBI Agent Carl Hanratty (Tom Hanks) makes it his prime mission to capture Frank and bring him to justice, but Frank is always one step ahead of him.
Amsterdam Vallon (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a young Irish immigrant released from prison. He returns to the Five Points seeking revenge against his father's killer, William Cutting (Daniel Day-Lewis), a powerful anti-immigrant gang leader. He knows that revenge can only be attained by infiltrating Cutting's inner circle. Amsterdam's journey becomes a fight for personal survival and to find a place for the Irish people in 1860's New York.
Federico (Eusebio Poncela) has a rather unique talent: he can steal the luck of others. For Samuel Berg (Max von Sydow), who runs a lavish casino, that makes him a prized employee. But when Samuel turns the tables and steals Federico's luck, it sets the two at war. Samuel is one of the luckiest people in the world; to get at him, Federico has to find someone even luckier. He finds a candidate in Tomas (Leonardo Sbaraglia), a plane crash survivor who, if he's lucky, might just even the odds.
Tells the dark story of suspended undercover narcotics officer, Nick Tellis (Jason Patric), who is reluctantly drawn back onto the force to find the truth behind the murder of a young police officer killed in the line of duty. He is teamed with Henry Oak (Ray Liotta), the slain officer's partner, a rogue cop who will stop at nothing to avenge his friend's death. As Tellis and Oak unravel the case, the dark underbelly of the narcotics world reveals itself in surprising ways.
The touching story of a sailor (Derek Luke) who, prone to violent outbursts, is sent to a naval psychiatrist (Denzel Washington) for help. Refusing at first to open up, the young man eventually breaks down and reveals a horrific childhood. Through the guidance of his new doctor, he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew.
Villagers (Wen Jiang, Jiang Hongbo) in World War II China are unsure what to do with the two enemy prisoners who have been left in their care.
Warren Schmidt (Jack Nicholson) has arrived at several of life's crossroads all at the same time. To begin with, he is retiring from a lifetime of service as an actuary for Woodmen of the World Insurance Company, and he feels utterly adrift. Furthermore, his only daughter Jeannie (Hope Davis) is about to marry a boob. And his wife Helen (June Squibb) dies suddenly after 42 years of marriage.
When the mother of young Evelyn Doyle (Sophie Vavasseur) abandons her family, her devastated father Desmond (Pierce Brosnan), is left to care for Evelyn and her brothers on his own. Because Irish laws forbid children to be raised in a home without two parents, Evelyn and her brothers are removed from Desmond's care and sent to separate orphanages. Desmond, who is out of work and abusing alcohol, will have to challenge the Irish courts to bring his children home.
Set against the high-energy, high-stakes world of show-style marching bands, "Drumline" is a fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from Harlem who enrolls in a Southern university, expecting to lead its marching band's drumline to victory. He initially flounders in his new world before realizing that it takes a more than talent to reach the top.
The sequel to the Golden Globe-nominated and AFI Award-winning "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring," "The Two Towers" follows the continuing quest of Frodo (Elijah Wood) and the Fellowship to destroy the One Ring. Frodo and Sam (Sean Astin) discover they are being followed by the mysterious Gollum. Aragorn (Viggo Mortensen), the Elf archer Legolas and Gimli the Dwarf encounter the besieged Rohan kingdom, whose once great King Theoden has fallen under Saruman's deadly spell.
Idealistic police cadet Chan Wing-Yan (Tony Leung) is recruited by Police Superintendant Wong (Anthony Wong) to go deep undercover as a member of the criminal Triad society. Into the same cadet class, crime boss Hon Sam (Eric Tsang) installs new Triad member Lau Kin Ming (Andy Lau) to become a long-term mole for the gang. A decade later, both have risen through the ranks in their respective aliases -- but when both of their covers are in danger of being blown, a game of life and death ensues.
Based on a real-life story, this drama focuses on a small group of Allied soldiers in Burma who are held captive by the Japanese. Capt. Ernest Gordon (Ciaran McMenamin), Lt. Jim Reardon (Kiefer Sutherland) and Maj. Ian Campbell (Robert Carlyle) are among the military officers kept imprisoned and routinely beaten and deprived of food. While Campbell wants to rebel and attempt an escape, Gordon tries to take a more stoic approach, an attitude that proves to be surprisingly resonant.
Nicolas Cage is Charlie Kaufman, a confused L.A. screenwriter overwhelmed by feelings of inadequacy, sexual frustration, self-loathing, and by the screenwriting ambitions of his freeloading twin brother Donald (Nicolas Cage). While struggling to adapt "The Orchid Thief," by Susan Orlean (Meryl Streep), Kaufman's life spins from pathetic to bizarre. The lives of Kaufman, Orlean's book, become strangely intertwined as each one's search for passion collides with the others'.
Tells the true story of three aboriginal girls who are forcibly taken from their families in 1931 to be trained as domestic servants as part of an official Australian government policy. They make a daring escape and embark on an epic 1,500 mile journey to get back home - following the rabbit-proof fence that bisects the Australian continent - with the authorities in hot pursuit.
The legendary "loot of a thousand worlds" inspires an intergalactic treasure hunt when 15-year-old Jim Hawkins stumbles upon a map to the greatest pirate trove in the universe in Walt Disney Pictures' thrilling animated space adventure, "Treasure Planet." Based on one of the greatest adventure stories ever told - Robert Louis Stevenson's "Treasure Island" - this film follows Jim's fantastic journey across a parallel universe as a cabin boy aboard a glittering space galleon.
Male nurse Benigno (Javier Cámara) becomes infatuated with a complete stranger when he watches dancer Alicia (Leonor Watling) practicing from the anonymity of his apartment. After being injured in a car accident, Alicia is brought to a nearby hospital, where Benigno serendipitously happens to be her caregiver. When wounded bullfighter Lydia (Rosario Flores) is brought into the same ward, her companion, writer Marco (Darío Grandinetti), begins to bond with Benigno.
Filmmaker John Junkerman focuses his lens on Noam Chomsky, the American linguist, thinker, activist and outspoken critic of U.S. foreign policy. Culled together from a series of lectures on a wide range of topics and interviews given when Chomsky was 73, the documentary explores the scholar's often controversial opinions concerning the United States' use -- and, according to his informed opinion, abuse -- of power across the globe and as a response to the 9/11 attacks.
The follow-up to "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" finds young wizard Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) and his friends, Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson), facing new challenges during their second year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry as they try to discover a dark force that is terrorizing the school.
Little Sang-woo (Seung Ho Yoo) doesn't want to leave Seoul, South Korea, to live with his mute grandmother (Kim Eul-boon) in the countryside, but his mother (Dong Hyo-heui) compels him, as she needs to look for a new job. Fractious and ill-mannered, Sang-woo variously ignores and taunts his grandmother with insulting epithets. When she won't buy batteries for his toy, he even steals from her. But over time, and in the face of her unquestioning love, he comes to admire and respect her.
This documentary mixes performances, interviews and reenactments to celebrate the Funk Brothers, the 1960s soul hitmakers. As the musicians behind the Temptations, the Four Tops and others, the "brothers" were hugely successful, yet relatively anonymous compared to the famous singers they backed. They get their due here, as Richard "Pistol" Allen, Benny "Papa Zita" Benjamin and bandmates discuss their Detroit youth, studio sessions alongside Marvin Gaye and nonstop touring.
Father Amaro (Gael García Bernal), a young Roman Catholic priest, is a new arrival in a small Mexican town. Assigned to help the older Father Benito (Sancho Gracia), Amaro gradually discovers that his elder is not only involved in an affair, but also building a hospital with help from a local drug czar. Struggling with temptation and sin in his own right, Amaro begins a romance with Amelia (Ana Claudia Talancón), a beautiful teen who dotes on him -- but the relationship has dire consequences.
Madison Avenue ad executive Roger (Campbell Scott) attributes his remarkable success with women to his ability to manipulate their emotions from the moment he first meets them, although his confidence is shaken when his boss, Joyce (Isabella Rossellini), unilaterally decides to end their secret workplace affair. When his teenage nephew, Nick (Jesse Eisenberg), drops in for a visit, Roger tries to show him how to pick up women, but soon learns that his approach isn't as foolproof as he thought.
A womanizer (Anson Mount) falls for the best friend (Julianne Nicholson) of his shy brother (Glenn Fitzgerald) after she returns home to intern at a veterinary practice.
History records that when the great Napoleon Bonaparte was defeated at Waterloo he lost his power, his country and his freedom. Exiled to the island of St. Helena, he purportedly died a broken man. Yet history has been known to be wrong. Now comes a decidedly different version of events, an original tale about Napoleon's last great adventure -- and the adventures of the lowly imposter who assumed his identity in a grand conspiracy to outwit the world.
Based on actual events, "The Grey Zone" is the staggeringly powerful story of the Auschwitz's twelfth Sonderkommando -- one of the thirteen consecutive "Special Squads" of Jewish prisoners placed by the Nazis in the excruciating moral dilemma of helping to exterminate fellow Jews in exchange for a few more months of life. From inside the working organs of the infamous Auschwitz death camp, this film asks to what terrible lengths we are willing to go to save our own lives.
Penny's love for her partner, cabdriver Phil, has run dry. He is a philosophical guy, and she works on the checkout at a supermarket. Their daughter Rachel cleans in a home for elderly people, and their son Rory is unemployed and aggressive. The joy has gone out of Phil's and Penny's life, but when an unexpected tragedy occurs, they are brought together to rediscover their love.
This is the true story of Frida Kahlo (Salma Hayek) and her husband Diego Rivera (Alfred Molina), the larger-than-life painters who became the most acclaimed artists in Mexican history, and whose tempestuous love affair, landmark journeys to America, and outrageous personalities made them legendary.
"By Hook or Crook" is a buddy film that chronicles three weeks in the life of a handsome, gender-bending, small-town butch with a nagging messiah-complex. Emotionally defeated since the death of her father, Shy heads to the big city to sink herself into a life of crime. She is quickly distracted by Valentine, a deliriously expressive, wise-acre adoptee on a misguided search for her birth mother. The two freaky grifters join forces and learn the true meaning of poise under pressure.
The story of Winnie Foster (Alexis Bledel), a teenage girl on the cusp of maturity. Winnie longs for a life outside the control of her domineering mother, and when lost in the woods near her home, she happens upon Jesse Tuck (Jonathan Jackson), a boy unlike any she's ever met before. He and his family are kind and generous, and they immediately take her in as one of their own. However, the Tucks hold a powerful secret, and Winnie must decide whether to return to her life or stay with the Tucks.
Curves on a blossoming young woman can be sexy, but not if you are told you have too many of them. "Real Women Have Curves" is a humorous and warmhearted look at a Mexican-American teenage girl coming of age in a boiling cauldron of cultural expectations, class constrictions, family duty, and her own personal aspirations.
A successful TV star during the 1960s, former "Hogan's Heroes" actor Bob Crane (Greg Kinnear) projects a wholesome family-man image, but this front masks his persona as a sex addict who records and photographs his many encounters with women, often with the help of his seedy friend, John Henry Carpenter (Willem Dafoe). This biographical drama reveals how Crane's double life takes its toll on him and his family, and ultimately contributes to his death.
Although susceptible to violent outbursts, bathroom supply business owner Barry Egan (Adam Sandler) is a timid and shy man by disposition, leading a lonely, uneventful life -- partly due to the constant berating he suffers from his seven sisters. However, several events transpire that shake up Egan's mundane existence, one of which is falling in love with one sister's co-worker, Lena Leonard (Emily Watson). But the romance is threatened when Egan falls victim to an extortionist.
Sidney (Sanaa Lathan) and Dre (Taye Diggs) can attribute their friendship and the launch of their careers to one single childhood instant ... witnessing the birth of hip-hop on a New York street corner. Now some 15 years later, she is a revered music critic and he is a successful, though unfulfilled, music executive. Both come to realize that their true life passions will only be fulfilled by remembering what they learned that day on the corner.
On January 30, 1972, in the Northern Irish town of Derry, a peaceful protest march led by civil rights activist Ivan Cooper (James Nesbitt) turned into a slaughter. British soldiers suddenly opened fire on the defenseless crowd, killing 13 people and wounding 14 more. Shot as if a documentary, this film follows Ivan throughout the day as it chronicles the events leading up to the horrific incident and the bloodied, confused aftermath that followed.
This documentary focuses on two stand-up comedians -- Jerry Seinfeld and Orny Adams -- whose careers are vastly different. Seinfeld is a veteran of the comedy trenches and is well-known for his TV sitcom, while Adams is a rising star in the business and who is nowhere near as successful. Both comics are in crisis, to some degree. Seinfeld wants to relaunch his standup career, and Adams wants regular gigs on the late-night TV circuit and eventually a sitcom.
Political documentary filmmaker Michael Moore explores the circumstances that lead to the 1999 Columbine High School massacre and, more broadly, the proliferation of guns and the high homicide rate in America. In his trademark provocative fashion, Moore accosts Kmart corporate employees and pleads with them to stop selling bullets, investigates why Canada doesn't have the same excessive rate of gun violence and questions actor Charlton Heston on his support of the National Rifle Association.
"White Oleander" chronicles the life of Astrid (Alison Lohman), a young teenager who journeys through a series of foster homes after her mother (Michelle Pfeiffer) goes to prison for committing a crime of passion. Set adrift in the world, Astrid struggles to become her own person while coming to terms with the challenges of living life on her own.
This documentary offers an extended conversation with Traudl Junge, who worked as Adolf Hitler's personal secretary from 1942 until the end of World War II. In the film, she is interviewed by Austrian artist André Heller, who persuaded Junge to finally talk publicly about her experiences after over 50 years of silence. Junge, 81 at the time of the interview, discusses her relationship with Hitler, his personality, and the dictation of his final words.
Ex-FBI agent Will Graham (Edward Norton) is an expert investigator who quit the Bureau after almost losing his life in the process of capturing the elusive Dr. Lecter (Anthony Hopkins). After a series of particularly grisly murders, Graham soon realizes that the best way to catch this killer, known as the Tooth Fairy, is to find a way to get inside the killer's mind. For Graham, that means confronting his past and facing his former nemesis, the now-incarcerated Lecter.
Cate Blanchett stars as Philippa, a British teacher living in Turin, Italy, who has seen many friends, including her husband, fall victim to drug overdoses. Philippa has repeatedly contacted the police with information about Turin's biggest drug dealer but, complicit in his dealings, they have completely ignored her. So Philippa decides to dole out her own form of justice with a home-made bomb -- setting her off on a journey from young widow to fugitive on the run.
A fussy asparagus (Phil Vischer) makes his way across deserts and seas to deliver a message from God to a sinful city.
Filmmaker George Ratliff explores the bizarre phenomenon of Halloween "hell houses": evangelical fright fests that use grisly skits to demonstrate the consequences of homosexuality, abortion, drug use and other condemned behaviors. This documentary chronicles a full performance season at the original hell house in Dallas -- which boasts an annual audience of more than 10,000 people -- and investigates whether its organizers go too far in their attempt to save souls.
When Joe Nast's (Jake Gyllenhaal) plans for marriage change due to an unexpected loss, he wants to be the man he believes everyone wants him to be - dutifully bereaved husband-to-be, and perfect would-be son-in-law to Ben (Dustin Hoffman) and JoJo (Susan Sarandon). But when another woman unexpectedly enters his life, he's quickly torn between fulfilling his new role and following his heart.
Decades after he left Washington, Henry Kissinger remains a divisive figure in American politics. Journalist Christopher Hitchens, who believes Kissinger should be labeled a war criminal, builds his case by shedding light on the high-ranking diplomat's many shadowy foreign actions, including an unauthorized bombing raid in Cambodia and a purported plot to oust Chilean leader Salvador Allende. Legal experts and former government officials also discuss Kissinger's controversial career.
10-year-old Chihiro (Daveigh Chase) moves with her parents to a new home in the Japanese countryside. After taking a wrong turn down a wooded path, Chihiro and her parents discover an amusement park with a stall containing an assortment of food. To her surprise, Chihiro's parents begin eating and then transform into pigs. In this supernatural realm, Chihiro encounters a host of characters and endures labor in a bathhouse for spirits, awaiting a reunion with her parents.
Lee Holloway (Maggie Gyllenhaal), a young woman with a history of severe emotional problems, is released into the care of her overbearing parents following a stay at a mental institution. She finds work as a secretary for a rigid and demanding attorney, E. Edward Grey (James Spader), and starts dating the kind but dull Peter (Jeremy Davies). However, Lee soon realizes she's turned on by Grey's stern demeanor, and begins a sadomasochistic relationship with him.
Lawyer turned police detective Agustin Rejas (Javier Bardem) is on the case of a domestic terrorist cell whose tactics range from the mischievous to the homicidal, led by self-proclaimed President Ezequiel (Abel Folk). Distracting Rejas from his investigation is his daughter's dance instructor, Yolanda (Laura Morante), with whom Rejas begins an unexpected romance. As Rejas grows closer to both Yolanda and the terrorists, he begins to suspect that there might be a connection between the two.
Igby Slocumb (Kieran Culkin), a rebellious and sarcastic 17-year-old boy, is at war with the stifling world of old money privilege he was born into. With a schizophrenic father (Bill Pullman), a self-absorbed, distant mother (Susan Sarandon), and a shark-like young Republican big brother (Ryan Phillippe), Igby figures there must be a better life out there -- and sets about finding it.
A smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of Chicago. Calvin (Ice Cube), who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father, views the shop as nothing but a burden and a waste of his time. After selling the shop to a local loan shark, Calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out.
After a brutal beating in a Helsinki park, a middle-aged welder (Markku Peltola) falls into a coma. When he wakes up, he cannot recollect a single detail about his life. Unable to provide information to the authorities, the man has no legal way to regain his life. He finds a community of homeless people, and creates a home out of a metal container. He eventually meets Irma (Kati Outinen), a Salvation Army worker, and they fall in love while he rebuilds a life with new friends and a new job.
In the 1930s slums of Rio de Janeiro, João Francisco dos Santos (Lázaro Ramos) is many things -- the son of black slaves, an ex-con who spent more than two decades in prison, a gangster, a homosexual, and patriarch to a surrogate family of social outcasts. João seeks an outlet of expression through a cabaret act, where he cultivates the transvestite stage persona Madame Satã and becomes a revolutionary icon for society's neglected during a time of upheaval in post-abolition Brazil.
Casual shoppers stocking up at the local SavMart may not pay much attention to the man at the photo counter. In fact, they may not even see him. Sy Parrish (Robin Williams), a lonely technician, is a store fixture who develops an unsettling obsession with the Yorkin family, long-time customers.
A dart-playing dimwit (Michael Sheen) sets out on his trusty moped to bring his unfaithful wife back home.
Traces the meteoric rise, fall, and rise again of legendary Hollywood producer Robert Evans. Adapted from Mr. Evans's tell-all autobiography, the movie takes the audience on an intimate journey into the mind of this Hollywood legend. "The Kid Stays in the Picture" shares gripping anecdotes about Evans's unusual friendships and follows the thread of his tumultuous love life.
Manchester, 1976. Tony Wilson (Steve Coogan) is an ambitious but frustrated local TV news reporter looking for a way to make his mark. After witnessing a life-changing concert by a band known as the Sex Pistols, he persuades his station to televise one of their performances, and soon Manchester's punk groups are clamoring for him to manage them. Riding the wave of a musical revolution, Wilson and his friends create the legendary Factory Records label and The Hacienda club.
A ballot box is parachuted down as a young woman pulls up to the shore of a remote island. To a soldier's surprise, she's actually the government bureaucrat in charge of local voting. Whether he wants to or not, the soldier is thrown into an elections adventure that just may put him out of a job. Orders from above force him to accompany the female agent in an Army jeep across the island's dusty desert. The agent literally leaves no stone unturned in her search for ballots.
Everything that farmer Graham Hess (Mel Gibson) assumed about the world is changed when he discovers a message - an intricate pattern of circles and lines - carved into his crops. As he investigates the unfolding mystery, what he finds will forever alter the lives of his brother (Joaquin Phoenix) and children (Rory Culkin), (Abigail Breslin). A unique story that explores the mysterious real-life phenomena of crop signs and the effects they have on one man and his family.
In the gay San Francisco of the '70s, a flamboyant ensemble of hippies decked themselves out in gender-bending drag and tons of glitter for a series of legendary midnight shows at the Palace Theater. In their 2 1/2 year existence, The Cockettes created 20 shows, and were featured in 4 films. They created a unique burst of cultural experimentation and artistic outrageousness that continues to influence the worlds of theater, music, fashion, gay politics and spirituality, and urban club life.
This insightful documentary chronicles the tumultuous recording and release of the band Wilco's 2002 album "Yankee Hotel Foxtrot." A bold departure from the group's earlier releases, recording it nearly broke up the band, and when it was completed, their label refused to release it and eventually dumped Wilco from their roster. With the album completed, the band turned to the Internet to get attention for the record, which was eventually released to widespread success and critical acclaim.
A driven journalist (Ji-won Ha) investigates strange, threatening calls on her cell phone.
During a routine nighttime training mission in the Scottish Highlands, a small squad of British soldiers expected to rendezvous with a special ops unit instead find a bloody massacre with a sole survivor. The savage attackers of the special ops team return, and the men are rescued by Megan (Emma Cleasby), a zoologist who identifies what hunts them as werewolves. Without transport or communications, the group is forced to retreat to a farmhouse to wait for the full moon to disappear at dawn.
High school student Haru (Chizuru Ikewaki) rescues a cat that was about to be run over by a truck and discovers the cat is actually a prince named Lune. Out of gratitude, Lune's father, the Cat King, asks her to marry Lune. Haru is brought to the Cat Kingdom, where she starts to develop feline features. When she is prevented from leaving, the Baron (Yoshihiko Hakamada) and Toto, two statues that have magically been given life, provide assistance in gaining her freedom.
Bill Porter (William H. Macy), a man afflicted with cerebral palsy, is desperate to find a job despite his condition. He uses his sense of humor, determination and winning spirit to convince a manager to hire him as a door-to-door salesman for Watkins, a supplier of household items and baking products. Porter walks several miles every day on his sales route, eventually working his way into the hearts of his customers. This film is based on a true story.
Mike Sullivan (Tom Hanks) is an enforcer for powerful Depression-era Midwestern mobster John Rooney (Paul Newman). Rooney's son, Connor (Daniel Craig), is jealous of the close bond they share, and when Mike's eldest son, Michael (Tyler Hoechlin), witnesses a hit, Connor uses the incident as an excuse to murder Sullivan's wife (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and youngest son. Forced to flee, Sullivan and Michael set out on a journey of revenge and self-discovery.
Devdas (Shahrukh Khan) makes his way back home to India after spending 10 years studying in London. He plans to marry Paro (Aishwarya Rai), his childhood best friend, but his parents (Vijay Crishna, Smita Jaykar) do not want Devdas to marry her. They believe that Paro's family, who descend from a line of dancers, is of a lower class than their own. Eventually, Paro marries another man, and the despondent Devdas descends into life-threatening alcoholism.
After learning that her boyfriend, Lorenzo (Tristán Ulloa), a talented but troubled writer, may have committed suicide, the beautiful Lucía (Paz Vega) decides to escape to a remote Spanish island. When she arrives, she meets Carlos (Daniel Freire), a scuba diver, and Elena (Najwa Nimri), Lorenzo's former lover. As the twisted story unfolds, Lucía learns more about Lorenzo's tragic past, which may have been the inspiration for his latest novel -- and the root of his depression.
For kids around the world, music is often the only salvation when the pain and anxiety of teenage life becomes too much to bear. Yuichi (Hayato Ichihara) is in the 8th grade and he worships Lily Chou-Chou, a Bjork-like chanteuse whose epic music is lush and transcendent. Yuichi only lives for Lily Chou-Chou's big Tokyo concert, where the lies and violence can be washed away by the presence of his goddess and her powerful music. But fate has yet another obstacle in store for Lily's devoted fan.
In 1940s China, small-town landowner Liyan (Wu Jun) leads a sad existence; his property is in ruins, his health isn't much better, his marriage to wife Yuwen (Hu Jingfan) is almost loveless and the presence of his boisterous teen sister Xiu (Lu Sisi) only makes things worse. Then Zhang (Xin Baiqing), a doctor who is an ex-lover of Yuwen's and a boyhood chum of Liyan's, arrives to treat the ailing man. He brings passion back into the household, but also extreme tension.
In midlife, soul mates Barbara (Viveka Seldahl) and Martin (Sven Wollter) finally meet. At first, their mutual sexual attraction is disturbing and undeniable, but their love for music further fuels their passion. Martin is a composer and conductor, and Barbara is first violinist in a symphony orchestra which he guest-conducts. Although both are married, they refuse to renounce the happiness they finally have found, but their lives change when Martin is diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
Based on a story by famed science fiction writer Philip K. Dick, "Minority Report" is an action-detective thriller set in Washington D.C. in 2054, where police utilize a psychic technology to arrest and convict murderers before they commit their crime. Tom Cruise plays the head of this Precrime unit and is himself accused of the future murder of a man he hasn't even met.
A tale of a young girl's close encounter with the galaxy's most wanted extraterrestrial. Lilo is a lonely Hawaiian girl who adopts a small ugly "dog," whom she names Stitch. Stitch would be the perfect pet if he weren't in reality a genetic experiment who has escaped from an alien planet and crash-landed on Earth. Through her love, faith and unwavering belief in ohana, the Hawaiian concept of family, Lilo helps unlock Stitch's heart and gives him the ability to care for someone else.
Francis Doyle (Emile Hirsch) and Tim Sullivan (Kieran Culkin), and their closest friends, are fighting the stultifying repression of their parish school. Foremost among the forces of evil is the stern and disapproving nun, Sister Assumpta (Jodie Foster), who rules their lives. She seizes their artwork one day, setting the boys on an obsessed trail of revenge that ultimately changes their lives.
The story of a man (Matt Damon), salvaged, near death, from the ocean by an Italian fishing boat. When he recuperates, the man suffers from total amnesia, without identity or background... except for a range of extraordinary talents in fighting, linguistic skills and self-defense that speak of a dangerous past. He sets out on a desperate search-assisted by the initially rebellious Marie (Franka Potente) - to discover who he really is, and why he's being lethally pursued by assassins.
An ensemble comedy that follows the lives of six friends in New York City during the year in which they each reach their 30th birthday. We meet an investment banker from Wall Street, a stand-up comedian, a real estate agent, a marketing executive who perceives any career advancement as a sign of getting old, and a man whose thanks for being in a four-year relationship is a girlfriend who insists on an even greater commitment.
Blasted from the past and ready to take care of business, "Undercover Brother" is recruited to infiltrate a sinister underground movement headed by The Man. Partnered with the sassy, stunning Sistah Girl (Aunjanue Ellis), our hero must first undergo the ultimate attitude adjustment and trade in his 'fro and platforms for tennis sweaters and penny loafers. Once the transformation is complete, he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of Operation Whitewash.
Elling (Per Christian Ellefsen), a sensitive, mentally disabled man, must move to a psychiatric institution when his mother, who has taken care of him for 40 years, dies. There, he meets Kjell (Sven Nordin), and the pair become friends. After two years, Elling and Kjell are allowed to leave the institution and live in an apartment in Oslo, Norway. At first, even the simplest tasks of independent life prove challenging, but soon the roommates begin to blossom in their own unique way.
Paris, 1969. A director's obsession with the actress who plays the sexy secret agent Dragonfly (Angela Lindvall) has clouded his judgment and the film has no ending. A young American (Jeremy Davies), in Paris to document his life on film with total honesty, is brought in to finish the movie with a bang. This proves to be difficult when the line between his fantasy life and reality becomes blurred, and he too finds himself seduced by the charms of Dragonfly.
From acclaimed director Chris Nolan ("Memento") comes the story of a veteran police detective (Al Pacino) who is sent to a small Alaskan town to investigate the murder of a teenage girl. Forced into a psychological game of cat-and-mouse by the primary suspect (Robin Williams), events escalate and the detective finds his own stability dangerously threatened.
Follows the adventures of a wild and rambunctious mustang stallion as he journeys through the untamed American frontier. Encountering man for the first time, Spirit defies being broken, even as he develops a remarkable friendship with a young Lakota brave. The courageous young stallion also finds love with a beautiful paint mare named Rain on his way to becoming one of the greatest unsung heroes of the Old West.
This film is a dramatization of the decision-making behind the Johnson administration's escalation of the Vietnam War in the mid 1960s. As Lyndon Johnson (Michael Gambon) agonizes over sending more troops to Southeast Asia, he is given contradictory advice from Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara (Alec Baldwin) and Secretary of State Dean Rusk (John Aylward). The president also attempts to build his Great Society at home, while balancing the war's increasing drain on the nation's resources.
Zaza (Lior Louie Ashkenazi) is an eligible 31-year-old bachelor who has done his best to remain unattached. His traditional Georgian-Jewish family is growing impatient, however, and they aggressively join forces to choose a young bride for him, with the stipulation that she be a virgin. Zaza plays along, but he is already in love with Judith (Ronit Elkabetz), an older divorcée and mother of a young child. Zaza has to decide whether to satisfy the desires of his parents, or his heart.
"Spider-Man" centers on student Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire) who, after being bitten by a genetically-altered spider, gains superhuman strength and the spider-like ability to cling to any surface. He vows to use his abilities to fight crime, coming to understand the words of his beloved Uncle Ben: "With great power comes great responsibility."
"Baran" is the story of Afghan refugees told through the eyes of an Iranian teenage boy named Lateef. His devotion to a person he barely knows leads him to the choice that will change his life forever. Academy Award nominated director Majid Majidi ("Children of Heaven"; "Color of Paradise") delivers a heartbreaking story of unrequited love.
Stars Koji Yakusho as a Tokyo businessman whose company has recently gone bankrupt, leaving him unemployed. Estranged from his wife and with time on his hands, Yosuke remembers a story told to him by a recently deceased friend, Taro (Yukiya Kitamura), about a hidden treasure. He takes a train to a suburban fishing village and follows Taro's directions to the treasure. The only complication is a young and mystifying woman Saeko (Misa Shimizu), who lives in the house where Taro's clues lead.
Winston Churchill (Albert Finney) wages a battle against Nazi tyranny while facing obstacles in his marriage to Clementine (Vanessa Redgrave).
After the murder of his beloved wife, a man (Val Kilmer) in search of redemption is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems. On his journey, he befriends slacker Jimmy "The Finn" (Peter Sarsgaard), becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor Colette (Deborah Kara Unger) from her own demons, and gets entangled in a web of deceit full of unexpected twists and turns.
Everyone in the Portokalos family worries about Toula (Nia Vardalos). Still unmarried at 30 years old, she works at Dancing Zorba's, the Greek restaurant owned by her parents, Gus (Michael Constantine) and Maria (Lainie Kazan). After taking a job at her aunt's travel agency, she falls in love with Ian Miller (John Corbett), a teacher who is tall, handsome and definitely not Greek. Toula isn't sure which will be more upsetting to her father, that Ian is a foreigner or that he's a vegetarian.
Years after his mother's death, artist Ernesto (Sergio Castellitto) learns of his family's initiative to get her canonized when he's invited for an interview with a cardinal (Maurizio Donadoni). The impending appointment stirs up complex feelings toward religion -- his mentally ill brother killed their mother because of her extreme pious ways. Slowly, he uncovers his family's self-serving motivations for beatification, while his son, Leonardo (Alberto Mondini), explores Roman Catholicism.
Set in present day Texas, "Frailty" centers on the FBI's search for a serial killer who calls himself "God's Hands." McConaughey plays Fenton Meeks, a young man who approaches the lead investigator, one night, claiming he knows the identity of the killer. The FBI agent is curious, but unimpressed until Fenton reveals that the killer is his younger brother Adam. This is a film about faith, family and the end of innocence.
An accomplished high school student, Ben (Parry Shen) seems to excel at almost everything except winning over his dream girl, Stephanie (Karin Anna Cheung). When he begins an unlikely friendship with trouble-seeking tough guy Daric (Roger Fan), Ben becomes involved in petty crime that gets increasingly dangerous, with his various illegal ventures extending to include Stephanie and her wealthy beau, Steve (John Cho). Can these restless teens curb their criminal activities before it's too late?
"Atanarjuat, The Fast Runner" is an epic film made by and about the Inuit peoples of the Canadian arctic, telling a story of a crime that ruptures the trust within a closely knit group, and how justice is achieved and healing begins. Director Zacharias Kunuk and his writer, Paul Apak Angilin, collected oral versions of an Inuit legend from several elders, collated them into a story, submitted the story to the elders for suggestions and then filmed it as a collaborative expression.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing -- an adage proven with shocking ramifications in Henry Bean's "The Believer." The film's stringent, intellectual approach to the topics of anti-Semitism and neo-fascism will move and astound viewers, a testament to this first-time director's important undertaking.
Trapped in their New York brownstone's panic room, a hidden chamber built as a sanctuary in the event of break-ins, newly divorced Meg Altman (Jodie Foster) and her young daughter Sarah (Kristen Stewart) play a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with three intruders - Burnham (Forest Whitaker), Raoul (Dwight Yoakam) and Junior (Jared Leto) - during a brutal home invasion. But the room itself is the focal point because what the intruders really want is inside it.
A true story about a coach who discovers that it's never too late for dreams to come true. Jim Morris (Dennis Quaid) never made it out of the minor leagues before a shoulder injury ended his pitching career twelve years ago. Now a married-with-children high-school chemistry teacher and baseball coach in Texas, Jim's team makes a deal with him: if they win the district championship, Jim will try out with a major-league organization.
A talented art student named Angélique (Audrey Tautou) is passionately in love with Dr. Loïc Le Garrec (Samuel Le Bihan), a handsome married man whom she believes will leave his wife, Rachel (Isabelle Carré). Loïc does leave Rachel after she miscarries, but eventually decides to stay in his marriage, causing Angélique to spiral into depression. However, as the story shifts from Angélique's perspective to Loïc's, the surprising truth about their relationship is revealed.
Twenty-thousand years ago, Earth is a wondrous, prehistoric world filled with great danger, not the least of which is the beginning of the Ice Age. To avoid a really bad frostbite, the planet's majestic creatures - and a few small, slothful ones - begin migrating south . The story revolves around sub-zero heroes: a woolly mammoth, a saber-toothed tiger, a sloth and a prehistoric combination of a squirrel and rat, known as Scrat.
Eight youthful competitors, sponsored by their hometown newspapers, travel with their families to Washington, D.C., to compete in the 1999 Scripps National Spelling Bee. Now in the national spotlight and under heavy pressure to perform from parents, teachers and their audience, the children struggle to advance toward the championship -- and its accompanying scholarships and cash prizes -- while approaching competitive spelling with the focus and intensity of Olympic athletes.
Jessica (Jennifer Westfeldt) is at the end of her emotional rope. She happens upon an intriguing personal ad, whose only drawback is that it's in the "women seeking women" section. On a daring whim, she decides to answer it. She meets funky downtown hipster Helen Cooper (Heather Juergensen) for drinks, and to her surprise, they click instantly. With conventional gender roles absent, the two women proceed to muddle through an earnest but hilarious courtship, making up the rules as they go.
During a long, hot summer in seventies London, young neighbors Holly (Michelle Williams) and Marina (Anna Friel) make a childhood pact to be friends forever. For Marina, troubled, fiercely independent, determined to try everything, Holly stays the only constant in a life of divorcing parents, experimental drugs and fashionable self-destruction. But for Holly, a friendship that has never been equal gradually starts to feel like a trap.
A feature length documentary film about the hip-hop DJ and today's "turntablist" movement. From the South Bronx in the `70s to San Francisco now, the world's best scratchers, diggers, party-rockers and producers on beats, breaks, battles, and the infinite possibilities of vinyl.
Based upon the best-selling book "We Were Soldiers Once ... and Young" by Lt. Gen. Harold G. Moore (Ret.) and journalist Joseph L. Galloway, this compelling war drama depicts the true story of the first major battle between the United States and North Vietnamese forces. It is a film about uncommon valor and nobility under fire, loyalty among soldiers, and the heroism and sacrifice of men and women both home and abroad.
The exuberant ensemble comedy unites a Punjabi family for the wedding of a family member. Relatives from all over the world descend on Delhi for the wedding ceremony. Universal in theme, the film explores the bonds that unite families in touching, dramatic, and comedic ways.
It's 1979 and Mary (Mariam Parris), an Iranian-American teenager, pursues fun and romance in the New Jersey suburbs. Mary's world is radically transformed, though, when Ali (David Ackert), her fundamentalist Muslim cousin, comes to live with her family at the same time that Americans are taken hostage in Iran. American backlash against Iranians and Ali's disclosure of the family's dark history force Mary to come to terms with her own unique, culturally divided identity.
On her ninth birthday Amudha (P.S. Keerthana), after learning that she was adopted, resolves to find her birth mother. Her parents Thiruchelvan (Madhavan) and Indra (Simran) insist on accompanying her, and so together they leave the comfort of their home in India to venture into the jungles of Sri Lanka, where they witness the violence and brutality of civil war. Eventually they discover Shyama (Nandita Das), who explains that she gave up her daughter to fight for the separatist cause.
"Monster's Ball" is a hard-hitting Southern drama tempered by a story of powerful, life-changing love. It is the story of Hank (Billy Bob Thornton), an embittered prison guard working on Death Row who begins an unlikely, but emotionally charged affair with Leticia (Halle Berry), the wife of a man he has just executed.
The classic story of an innocent man wrongly, but deliberately imprisoned and his brilliant strategy for revenge against those who betrayed him. Dashing young sailor Edmond Dantes (Jim Caviezel) is a guileless and honest young man whose peaceful life and plans to marry the beautiful Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk) are abruptly shattered when his best friend Fernand (Guy Pearce), who wants Mercedes for himself, deceives him.
Plagued with grief over the murder of her daughter, Valerie Somers (Barbara Hershey) suspects that her husband John (Geoffrey Rush) is cheating on her. When Valerie disappears, Detective Leon Zat (Anthony LaPaglia) attempts to solve the mystery of her absence. A complex web of love, sex and deceit emerges -- drawing in four related couples whose various partners are distrustful and suspicious about each other's involvement.
In this moody Japanese horror film, newly-single mom Yoshimi Matsubara (Hitomi Kuroki) is enduring a bitter divorce and struggling to keep custody of her young daughter, Ikuko (Rio Kanno). As the unstable Yoshimi tries to make a fresh start in a new apartment, strange occurrences in the building gradually begin to take their toll. When Yoshimi and Ikuko both start seeing unsettling visions of a ghostly little girl, it's clear that they're being drawn toward the supernatural.
Howard Cosell (John Turturro), Frank Gifford (Kevin Anderson) and Don Meredith provide play-by-play football commentary in the 1970s.
Filmmaker Nick Broomfield examines the unsolved murders of rappers Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls.
Royal Tenenbaum and his wife Etheline had three children and then they separated. All three children are extraordinary --- all geniuses. Virtually all memory of the brilliance of the young Tenenbaums was subsequently erased by two decades of betrayal, failure, and disaster. Most of this was generally considered to be their father's fault. "The Royal Tenenbaums" is the story of the family's sudden, unexpected reunion one recent winter.
"The Laramie Project" is set in and around Laramie, Wyoming, in the aftermath of the murder of 21-year-old Matthew Shepard. To create the stage version of "The Laramie Project," the eight-member New York-based Tectonic Theatre Project traveled to Laramie, Wyoming, recording hours of interviews with the town's citizens over a two-year period. The film adaptation dramatizes the troupe's visit, using the actual words from the transcripts to create a portrait of a town forced to confront itself.
Uneducated, unemployed, and unrefined, Ronnie passes his days in the small Georgia town of Doraville, drinking beer and terrorizing the town's residents. Thrice divorced to Tammy, the love of his life and mother of his many children, Ronnie wishes nothing more than to regain her hand in marriage. However, fed up with Ronnie's crass behavior and inability to stay out of trouble, she refuses his latest proposal, throwing Ronnie's life into a spin.
Based on Rebecca Miller's recently published book of short stories, "Personal Velocity" tells three tales of women as they escape their current situations. Segmented into three parts, Greta (Parker Posey), Delia (Kyra Sedgwick) and Paula (Fairuza Balk) have one thing in common, each struggle to flee from the men who confine their personal freedom.
Composed of material from 27 filmmakers -- ranging from professional directors and cinematographers to amateurs on the street -- this documentary examines the immediate impact of the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York City. This powerful footage documents the atmosphere surrounding the city in the hours and days after the attacks, including the rescue workers scrambling to save lives and the average citizens struggling to make sense of the day's horrific events.
When the Beatles land in America in the early 1960s, young men wearing their hair long strike the nation as an abomination. But within a few years, youthful rebellion grows more severe: Witness the Weathermen, the radical antiwar activists who mobilize (unsuccessfully) to overthrow the U.S. government. With contemporary interviews and archival footage, this documentary elucidates the Weather Underground's controversial history and continuing significance.
Incarcerated for assault and manslaughter, a man (Siu-wong Fan) survives in a futuristic prison by resorting to more extreme violence.
Bill Morrison presents a compilation of film stock accompanied by an orchestral score.
After losing her sons to drug addiction, recovering alcoholic Helen Travis becomes a Benedictine nun, and uses the lessons from her past to open a center in New York City for addicts trying to recover. Sister Helen is at the helm of the center, combining her stringent approach with rare moments of softness, which are documented in Rob Fruchtman's candid portrayal of her relationship with the men who surround her. Obstacles arise in the form of relapses and drug tests, but Helen is resilient.
Filmmaker Nils Tavernier interviews teachers, students and established stars about the competitive world of ballet.
This documentary profiles five obsessive filmgoers in the New York City area, whose commitment to cinema has taken over every part of their lives. Some live off disability benefits, others have unknown sources of income. Every day, they see from two to five films, traveling between the many movie theaters in the city. The film follows them as they defend their unusual lifestyles, show off their collections of ticket stubs and memorabilia, and journey from one film to the next.
Augusto Pinochet, who ruled Chile from the early 1970s through 1990, is the focus of this documentary. South American filmmaker Patricio Guzman, who himself was forced to leave Chile after Pinochet rose to power, chronicles the collapse of Pinochet's violent and corrupt reign. Guzman interviews various people who were tortured during the dictator's regime and aims to make the case that a South American court ultimately threw out -- that Pinochet was indeed a war criminal.
Andy Goldsworthy's art is supposed to fall apart. He creates large-scale outdoor sculptures and artworks out of natural materials like mud, wood, ice and stone in an attempt to imbue the physical world with a spiritual, ephemeral element. Director Thomas Riedelsheimer follows Goldsworthy as he constructs his art everywhere from upstate New York to his home village in Scotland, and questions the solitary artist about his inspirations, frustrations and artistic goals.
A famous English hunter (Christopher Heyerdahl) tries to save a village from a man-eating tiger.
A stalker (Shin'ya Tsukamoto) demands erotic acts from a woman (Asuka Kurosawa) in a sexless marriage.
Jan Sverak ("Kolya") directs this uplifting film about a hallowed Czech fighter pilot (Ondrej Vetchý) who must train a much less experienced colleague (Krystof Hádek). When the country is invaded by the Nazis in 1939, the pilots are forced to work fast. Eventually they escape to England, where they band together with other pilots and join the RAF, a decision which will haunt the men years later.
The film takes place in 1993 when the U.S. sent special forces into Somalia to destabilize the government and bring food and humanitarian aid to the starving population. Using Black Hawk helicopters to lower the soldiers onto the ground, an unexpected attack by Somalian forces brings two of the helicopters down immediately. From there, the U.S. soldiers must struggle to regain their balance while enduring heavy gunfire.
Robert Altman, one of America's most distinctive filmmakers, journeys to England for the first time to create a unique film mosaic with an outstanding ensemble cast. Set in the 1930's, "Gosford Park" brings a group of pretentious rich and famous together for a weekend of relaxation at a hunting resort. But when a murder occurs, each one of these interesting characters becomes a suspect.
With wit and athletic genius, with defiant rage and inner grace, Muhammad Ali forever changed the American landscape. Fighting all comers, Ali took on the law, conventions, the status quo and the war -- as well as the fists in front of him. Ali both ignited and mirrored the conflicts of his time and ours to become one of the most admired fighters in the world. Forget, now, what you thought you knew.
A human drama inspired by events in the life of John Forbes Nash Jr., and in part based on the biography "A Beautiful Mind" by Sylvia Nasar. From the heights of notoriety to the depths of depravity, John Forbes Nash Jr. experienced it all. A mathematical genius, he made an astonishing discovery early in his career and stood on the brink of international acclaim. But the handsome and arrogant Nash soon found himself on a painful and harrowing journey of self-discovery.
Ciki (Branko Djuric) and Nino (Rene Bitorajac), a Bosnian and a Serb, are soldiers stranded in No Man's Land -- a trench between enemy lines during the Bosnian war. They have no one to trust, no way to escape without getting shot, and a fellow soldier is lying on the trench floor with a spring-loaded bomb set to explode beneath him if he moves. The absurdity of their situation would be comical if it didn't have such dire consequences.
The future of civilization rests in the fate of the One Ring, which has been lost for centuries. Powerful forces are unrelenting in their search for it. But fate has placed it in the hands of a young Hobbit named Frodo Baggins (Elijah Wood), who inherits the Ring and steps into legend. A daunting task lies ahead for Frodo when he becomes the Ringbearer - to destroy the One Ring in the fires of Mount Doom where it was forged.
Rahul (Shah Rukh Khan), the adoptive son of business magnate Yash Raichand (Amitabh Bachchan), feels eternal gratitude to his father for rescuing him from a life of poverty. Yet, when Yash forbids his love of poor Anjali (Kajol), Rahul marries her and moves to London with new wife and sister-in-law, Pooja (Kareena Kapoor), breaking the heart of his mother (Jaya Bachchan). Ten years later, Rahul's younger brother (Hrithik Roshan) comes to London intent on brokering peace between father and son.
Two of the most acclaimed actresses of our time, Judi Dench and Kate Winslet, bring to the screen one of the most extraordinary women of her generation, celebrated author, Iris Murdoch. From her days as a brilliant scholar at Oxford, where she thrilled the world around her with her libertine spirit, through her career as a philosopher and novelist, Iris was truly ahead of her time.
Dapper Danny Ocean (George Clooney) is a man of action. Less than 24 hours into his parole from a New Jersey penitentiary, the wry, charismatic thief is already rolling out his next plan. Following three rules: Don't hurt anybody, don't steal from anyone who doesn't deserve it, and play the game like you've got nothing to lose. Danny orchestrates the most sophisticated, elaborate casino heist in history.
Summertime on the coast of Maine, "In the Bedroom" centers on the inner dynamics of a family in transition. Matt Fowler (Tom Wilkinson) is a doctor practicing in his native Maine and is married to New York born Ruth Fowler (Sissy Spacek), a music teacher. He is involved in a love affair with a local single mother (Marisa Tomei). As the beauty of Maine's brief and fleeting summer comes to an end, these characters find themselves in the midst of unimaginable tragedy.
After losing his father, 10-year-old Carlos (Fernando Tielve) arrives at the Santa Lucia School, which shelters orphans of the Republican militia and politicians, and is taken in by the steely headmistress, Carmen (Marisa Paredes), and the kindly professor, Casares (Federico Luppi). Soon after his arrival, Carlos has a run-in with the violent caretaker, Jacinto (Eduardo Noriega). Gradually, Carlos uncovers the secrets of the school, including the youthful ghost that wanders the grounds.
Redford stars as CIA operative Nathan Muir, who is on the brink of retirement from the field, when he learns his protégé Tom Bishop has been arrested in China on a charge of espionage. No stranger to the machinations of the CIA's top echelon, Muir hones all his skills and irreverent manner in order to find a way to free Bishop.
A three-character ensemble piece set within the confines of a tawdry motor lodge in Lansing, Michigan. After 10 years apart, three disparate people come together to play out the unresolved drama of their final days in high school. Intrigued, we watch as layers of denial are slowly peeled away. Suspense builds as each character is provoked into revealing his or her true nature and motivation. Mesmerized, we are drawn into their lives as they choose which cards to play and which cards to hold.
Adaptation of the first of J.K. Rowling's popular children's novels about Harry Potter, a boy who learns on his eleventh birthday that he is the orphaned son of two powerful wizards and possesses unique magical powers of his own. He is summoned from his life as an unwanted child to become a student at Hogwarts, an English boarding school for wizards. There, he meets several friends who become his closest allies and help him discover the truth about his parents' mysterious deaths.
Joe Moore (Gene Hackman) has a job he loves. He's a thief. His job goes sour when he gets caught on security camera tape. His fence, Bergman (Danny DeVito) reneges on the money he's owed, and his wife (Rebecca Pidgeon) may be betraying him with the fence's young lieutenant (Sam Rockwell). Moore and his partner, Bobby Blane (Delroy Lindo) and their utility man, Pinky Pincus (Ricky Jay) find themselves broke, betrayed, and blackmailed. Moore is forced to commit his crew to do one last big job.
"I Remember Me" is the first full-length documentary to explore the controversial and mysterious history of chronic fatigue syndrome, an illness that, according to the CDC, is now forty times greater in prevalence than previously estimated. Once dismissed as Yuppie Flu, this mysterious syndrome, for which there is not yet a universally acknowledged cause or cure, has prompted fierce debate within the medical community.
"Amélie" is a fanciful comedy about a young woman who discretely orchestrates the lives of the people around her, creating a world exclusively of her own making. Shot in over 80 Parisian locations, acclaimed director Jean-Pierre Jeunet ("Delicatessen"; "The City of Lost Children") invokes his incomparable visionary style to capture the exquisite charm and mystery of modern-day Paris through the eyes of a beautiful ingenue.
Monsters Incorporated is the largest scare factory in the monster world, and James P. Sullivan (John Goodman) is one of its top scarers. Sullivan is a huge, intimidating monster with blue fur, large purple spots and horns. His scare assistant, best friend and roommate is Mike Wazowski (Billy Crystal), a green, opinionated, feisty little one-eyed monster. Visiting from the human world is Boo (Mary Gibbs), a tiny girl who goes where no human has ever gone before.
A dark tale of infidelity and murder, crime and punishment. Set in a small northern California town of the late 40s, the film portrays Ed Crane (Billy Bob Thornton), a barber dissatisfied with his life. His wife Doris' (Frances McDormand) infidelity presents Ed with an opportunity for blackmail that he thinks will help him to change it. However, Ed's scheme unravels and lays bare even darker secrets...
In this biopic set before his rise to power, young Prince Asoka (Shahrukh Khan) works to perfect his skills in battle and also deals with family conflict. During a struggle with one of his step-brothers, his mother (Subhashini) urges Asoka to escape to stay alive. While away, Asoka meets Kaurwaki (Kareena Kapoor) and falls in love, but must use his skills as a warrior to protect her. A dangerous and heartbreaking web of conspiracy follows, which leads Asoka to embrace a Buddhist path.
"Trembling Before G-d" is an unprecedented feature documentary that shatters assumptions about faith, sexuality, and religious fundamentalism. Built around intimately-told personal stories of Hasidic and Orthodox Jews who are gay or lesbian, the film portrays a group of people who face a profound dilemma -- how to reconcile their passionate love of Judaism and the Divine with the drastic Biblical prohibitions that forbid homosexuality.
In 1950s Iceland, a sassy widow named Freyja (Margrét Vilhjálmsdóttir) arrives home from America with a newer, slimmer look and a mental list of grievances. Not one to stay single long, Freyja moves in with her aunt, uncle and shrewd young cousin, Agga (Ugla Egilsdóttir), and quickly begins looking for a new husband. She manages to charm a number of local bachelors, including Björn (Heino Ferch), but when men start turning up dead, Agga suspects Freyja of murder.
A dark-haired woman (Laura Elena Harring) is left amnesiac after a car crash. She wanders the streets of Los Angeles in a daze before taking refuge in an apartment. There she is discovered by Betty (Naomi Watts), a wholesome Midwestern blonde who has come to the City of Angels seeking fame as an actress. Together, the two attempt to solve the mystery of Rita's true identity. The story is set in a dream-like Los Angeles, spoilt neither by traffic jams nor smog.
An unfaithful groom-to-be learns that he may have contracted HIV with just days to go before his wedding.
Samuel Curtis, an interplanetary trader, deals in rare goods -- living or dead. After getting a device which will clone the extremely rare "Real Live Girl," this sets off a series of strange trades throughout the universe which grabs the attention of his nemesis, Professor Hess (Rocco Sisto). Determined to find Samuel, Hess systematically kills every person who has come in contact with Samuel.
In a desperate and unjust land, where government corruption rules the day, only one man has the courage to challenge the system and fight back. They call him "Iron Monkey." Under the shadow of night, in the silence before dawn, he fights to give hope to the poor and the oppressed. Although no one knows his name and no one knows where he comes from, his heroism has made him a living legend to the people and a wanted man to the powers that be.
The beautiful Vicky (Shu Qi) drifts through her empty life in the sprawling metropolis of Taipei, Taiwan, maintaining a pointless relationship with her loser DJ boyfriend, Hao-Hao (Tuan Chun-hao), and an unsatisfying career as a nightclub hostess. As her romance becomes increasingly strained, she decides to take up with Jack (Jack Kao), a caring but criminally connected businessman. But this new relationship can't change Vicky's aimless nature, and her future remains as doubtful as ever.
Anaïs is twelve and bears the weight of the world on her shoulders. She watches her older sister, Elena, whom she both loves and hates. Elena is fifteen and devilishly beautiful. Neither more futile, nor more stupid than her younger sister, she cannot understand that she is merely an object of desire. And, as such, she can only be taken. Or had. Indeed, this is the subject: a girl's loss of virginity. And, that summer, it opens a door to tragedy.
Police drama about a veteran officer who escorts a rookie on his first day with the LAPD's tough inner-city narcotics unit. "Training Day" is a blistering action drama that asks the audience to decide what is necessary, what is heroic and what crosses the line in the harrowing gray zone of fighting urban crime. Does law-abiding law enforcement come at the expense of justice and public safety? If so, do we demand safe streets at any cost?
This Argentinean tale, which revolves around a group of families passing summer vacation in a rural country house, does not rely on a concrete plot line, but rather roves, rambles, and stumbles upon each new event. No event, no action, no exchange of words, no scene of the movie is more or less important than another. Instead, the film continues nonsequentially in what feels like a prolonged wait.
A vivacious student tests a director's (Sergio Castellitto) loyalty to his lover (Jeanne Balibar), an actress starring in his play in Paris.
Propelled to the top of the fashion world by a photogenic gaze he calls "Blue Steel," dimwitted male model Derek Zoolander (Ben Stiller) thinks he's got a fourth consecutive win as Male Model of the Year in the bag. But, when his rival, Hansel (Owen Wilson), unexpectedly takes the crown, Derek is crushed. He becomes easy prey for fashion designer Jacobim Mugatu (Will Ferrell), who signs Derek to star in his "Derelicte" fashion show, then brainwashes him to kill Malaysia's prime minister.
Josh Kornbluth (Josh Kornbluth) is attempting to write his first novel and supports himself by working as an office temp. When he is sent to the Schuyler & Mitchell law firm, the staff likes his work and wants to bring him on full-time. Despite some reservations, Josh agrees to become a permanent employee of the firm. Once he begins life as a regular worker, Josh begins to feel trapped, making him unable to perform simple tasks assigned by his boss, Bob Shelby (Warren Keith).
A bloodthirsty hoodlum (Tadanobu Asano) sparks a series of violent reprisals after his boss is apparently taken by a mysterious assassin (Nao Ômori).
The writer Fernando Vallejo returns to Medellin, the city of his childhood, after an absence of over thirty years. Fernando meets Alexis, 16 years old, in a boys' brothel. Alexis comes from the slums. He has been drawn into a world of killing. Love begins to blossom between Fernando and Alexis. But their love has no future ... it is condemned before the fact by the harsh reality around them.
With his mother dead and his father, Marty (Bruce Altman), busy at work, Howie (Paul Franklin Dano) feels adrift in his New York suburb. He and his friend Gary (Billy Kay) spend their time burglarizing their neighbors' homes -- until they make the mistake of robbing the house of Big John (Brian Cox), a macho former Marine who is also an unrepentant pedophile. He propositions Howie, who declines, but the two eventually develop an unlikely and dangerous friendship.
A man approaching middle age decides to change his life. A rising young attorney's plans are thrown into disarray as the result of a single act. A woman faces her husband's infidelity. A businessman seeks revenge on a cheerful coworker and an optimistic young cleaning woman awaits a miracle. Just the ebb and flow of daily New York life: chaotic, isolated, diffuse. Five contemporary stories are woven together into a single tale that examines the dramatic impact people have on one another.
Erika Kohut teaches piano at the Conservatory in Vienna. In her early forties, she lives at home, cooped up with her mother, whose influence Erika escapes only on her regular visits to porn cinemas and peepshows. Her sexuality is an affair of morbid voyeurism and masochistic self-mutilation. Erika and life travel separate paths. Until one day, one of her students gets it into his head to seduce her...
"Italian for Beginners" follows the stories of six insecure singles whose lives interweave one dreary Copenhagen winter. Soon after arriving in a small grey suburb, Andreas (Anders W. Berthelsen), a young sensitive minister, is persuaded to sign up for Italian lessons. Upon his arrival, each of the lonely characters makes a major decision that will change the course of their life. They find love and a happy solution to their unhappy situations.
Goran runs a Stockholm commune in the 1970s. The easygoing Goran does his best to keep the peace between the politically contentious people around him, many of whom are drunk or stoned on a regular basis. When Goran's sister Elisabeth (Lisa Lindgren) flees from her abusive husband, her arrival at the commune significantly changes its dynamics. Elisabeth's two children bring change, agitating for TV and meat and driving away the commune's purists as tensions spread.
Three grown sisters, Maribel (Tamara Mello), Leticia (Elizabeth Peña) and Carmen (Jacqueline Obradors) try to cope and live with their father Martin (Héctor Elizondo) ; a veteran chef who is slowly losing his sense of taste. Martin has one simple rule: be at home for Sunday dinner and attendance is both mandatory and non-negotiable. A rift in the family develops when the sisters develop relationships and an obnoxious woman (Raquel Welch) sets her sights on Martin's affections.
A comedy that pays tribute to the science fiction genre -- specifically, the sub-genre of time travel. But here the alternate reality is contemporary New York City where past and future experiences of trust, commitment and denial are cleverly put to the test. Just as Ruby (Marisa Tomei) is beginning to relish her first-ever healthy relationship, Sam (Vincent D'Onofrio) begins muttering about being a time traveler from the year 2470.
Kaisa (Lena Headey) is sent by her mother (Charlotte Rampling) to escort her alcoholic father (Stellan Skarsgard) on a road trip from a Norwegian oil rig to a detox clinic in Aberdeen, Scotland. What she soon discovers, however, is that her mother's plans for her father are not what she thought...
Secret ops assassin Captain Willard (Martin Sheen) is sent on a mission up a river during the Vietnam War to "terminate with extreme prejudice" the errant Colonel Kurtz (Marlon Brando). In addition to being re-edited with the new footage, the film has been completely restored, converted to digital, and reprinted by dye-transfer, improving color reproduction.
Martha (Martina Gedeck) relies on her culinary skills as her primary means of communication. She lives for her work and presides with obsessive care over her spotless, precise kitchen. When a fateful accident leaves Lina (Maxime Foerste), her 8-year-old niece, in her care, Martha's orderly life begins to come undone. When the owner is consequently forced to bring in help, Martha and the new charming and carefree Italian chef (Sergio Castellitto) are instantly at odds.
Rosalba (Licia Maglietta), a middle-aged woman on a bus trip to Venice with her husband and her sons, is left behind at a rest stop off of the highway. As the days go by with no word from her family, she settles into a room at a local hotel and takes a job at a flower shop. When her husband and sons begin to miss her, they send a friend looking for her. "Bread and Tulips" is a warmhearted comedy about love, family, and friendship.
A tale of terror when a group of asbestos removal workers start work in an abandoned insane asylum. The complex of buildings looms up out of the woods like a dormant beast. Grand, imposing ... abandoned, deteriorating. The residents of Danvers, Massachusetts steer well clear of the place. But Danvers State Mental Hospital, closed down for 15 years, is about to receive five new visitors...
When a young man suffering from depression after the death of his father is committed to a mental institution, it seems like the last straw for him. However, with time he finds new hope, new friends, and a new love interest. "On the Edge" is an intense drama from Irish director John Carney.
Grace (Nicole Kidman), the devoutly religious mother of Anne (Alakina Mann) and Nicholas (James Bentley), moves her family to the English coast during World War II. She awaits word on her missing husband while protecting her children from a rare photosensitivity disease that causes the sun to harm them. Anne claims she sees ghosts, Grace initially thinks the new servants are playing tricks but chilling events and visions make her believe something supernatural has occurred.
Starting with his childhood in Santa Monica, this biopic explores the tumultuous life and early death of James Dean (James Franco). Dean makes his Hollywood debut in Elia Kazan's "East of Eden," opening the floodgates for his film career. While enjoying his newfound success, Dean embarks on a relationship with Italian actress Pier Angeli (Valentina Cervi). His success, however, is overshadowed by his father's (Michael Moriarty) reluctance to bridge a painfully deep gap with him.
The story of neo-cool Enid (Thora Birch) and Rebecca (Scarlett Johansson) who, faced with graduation from high school, take a hard look at the world they wryly observe and decide what they really want. When Enid takes an interest in the offbeat Seymour (Steve Buscemi) and Rebecca focuses her attention on their mutual romantic fixation Josh (Brad Renfro), the girls' friendship is forever changed.
"Downtown 81" is a feature film starring the legendary American artist Jean Michel Basquiat (1960-1988.) Basquiat was a 19 year old painter, graffiti artist, poet and musician when he played the lead in this film, which vividly depicts the explosive downtown New York art and music scene of 1980-81.
A comedy about two hapless best friends who are plunged headlong into the world of organized crime. When Bobby (Jon Favreau) and Ricky (Vince Vaughn) accept a high-stakes delivery, the clueless duo is flown first-class to New York and thrust into the moneyed world of Ruiz (Sean Combs), a downtown Manhattan gangster. In a matter of hours, Ricky's delusions of grandeur unravel the entire operation and put both his and Bobby's lives in jeopardy.
Career thief Nick Wells (Robert De Niro) is about to mastermind a nearly impossible theft that will require his joining forces with a clever young accomplice (Edward Norton). The unlikely alliance, arranged by Nick's longtime friend and fence, Max (Marlon Brando), interrupts Nick's plan to retire from crime and settle down with his fiancée, Diane (Angela Bassett). Worse, it requires that Nick violate his most important rule: Always work alone.
Elle Woods (Reese Witherspoon) has it all. She wants nothing more than to be Mrs. Warner Huntington III. But there is one thing stopping him (Matthew Davis) from proposing: She is too blond. Elle rallies all of her resources and gets into Harvard, determined to win him back.
A robotic boy, the first programmed to love, David (Haley Joel Osment) is adopted as a test case by a Cybertronics employee (Sam Robards) and his wife (Frances O'Connor). Though he gradually becomes their child, a series of unexpected circumstances make this life impossible for David. Without final acceptance by humans or machines, David embarks on a journey to discover where he truly belongs, uncovering a world in which the line between robot and machine is both vast and profoundly thin.
A film about a woman whose drive to pursue the things she believes in leads her on an unexpected path to self-discovery. It is 1907, and musicologist Doctor Lily Penleric (Janet McTeer) has just been denied a promotion in the male-dominated world of her university. Frustrated and determined to get academic recognition, she heads to Appalachia with a recording device and writing materials.
Two high school students from opposite ends of the social spectrum fall for each other in this teen drama. Nicole Oakley (Kirsten Dunst), the troubled daughter of a wealthy congressman, attends a public school in the upscale community of Pacific Palisades. As an act of defiance, she makes a play for the attentions of Carlos Nuñez (Jay Hernandez), a straight-A student who takes a two-hour bus ride to attend Nicole's school. Her self-destructive tendencies threaten his ambitions.
The story of Jody (Tyrese Gibson), a misguided, 20-year-old African-American who is really just a baby boy finally forced-kicking and screaming to face the commitments of real life. Streetwise and jobless, he has not only fathered two children by two different women-Yvette (Taraji P. Henson) and Peanut (Tamara LaSeon Bass) but still lives with his own mother. He can't seem to strike a balance or find direction in his chaotic life.
"Lumumba" is a gripping political thriller which tells the story of the legendary African leader Patrice Emery Lumumba. Called "the politico of the bush" by journalists of his day, the brilliant and charismatic Lumumba rose rapidly to the office of Prime Minister when Belgium conceded the Congo's independence in June, 1960. He would last two months in office. This is a true story.
The year is 1893 and India is under British occupation. In a small village, the tyrannical Captain Russell (Paul Blackthorne) has imposed an unprecedented land tax on its citizens. Outraged, Bhuvan (Aamir Khan), a rebellious farmer, rallies the villagers to publicly oppose the tax. Russell offers a novel way to settle the dispute: he challenges Bhuvan and his men to a game of cricket, a sport completely foreign to India. If Bhuvan and his men can defeat Russell's team, the tax will be repealed.
This dramatic story of a hero against his will is set in a small Czech town occupied by German forces during the last years of the Second World War. Josef and Marie are a childless couple who yearn for a baby; unfortunately, he is sterile. One day they meet David, a young Jewish man and former neighbor recently escaped from a concentration camp, to whom they give refuge in their home.
A provincial fisherman (Yves Montand) angers other villagers by using dynamite illegally to expedite his catch.
Henry Hart (Arye Gross) is a young gay artist living in New York City. When his grandfather has a stroke, Henry puts his career on hold and returns home to the small town of Big Eden, Montana, to care for him. While there, Henry hopes to strike up a romance with Dean Stewart (Tim DeKay), his high-school best friend for whom he still has feelings. But he's surprised when he finds that Pike (Eric Schweig), a quiet Native American who owns the local general store, may have a crush on him.
City businessman Luo Yusheng returns to his home village in North China for the funeral of his father, the village teacher. Before returning to the city, Yusheng symbolically honors his father's dearest wish: he spends one day teaching in the village school.
Follows three friends, Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Maria (Melissa Martinez) and Joycelyn (Anna Simpson), best friends and members of their school's marching band, through the hot streets of Crown Heights, Brooklyn. During the closing weeks of summer, the small moments and dramas that mean nothing and everything to a young girl navigating her way into adulthood start to accumulate. And the girls and their friendships change forever.
Once upon a time, in a far away swamp, there lived an ogre named Shrek (Mike Myers) whose precious solitude is suddenly shattered by an invasion of annoying fairy tale characters. They were all banished from their kingdom by the evil Lord Farquaad (John Lithgow). Determined to save their home -- not to mention his -- Shrek cuts a deal with Farquaad and sets out to rescue Princess Fiona (Cameron Diaz) to be Farquaad's bride. Rescuing the Princess may be small compared to her deep, dark secret.
A celebration of love and creative inspiration takes place in the infamous, gaudy and glamorous Parisian nightclub, at the cusp of the 20th century. A young poet (Ewan McGregor), who is plunged into the heady world of Moulin Rouge, begins a passionate affair with the club's most notorious and beautiful star (Nicole Kidman).
Hong Kong, present day. A streetwise young man becomes a bodyguard to score quick cash. He soon befriends a once disillusioned mercenary determined to begin life anew with the woman he just married. Although the two men find themselves working together to foil an assassination attempt, their partnership is short-lived: gradually and through uncontrollable circumstances, they will unknowingly be propelled toward opposite sides of a deadly confrontation.
Invites everyone to experience the passion of Latin jazz. A musical journey that captures the heart and soul of an entire culture. The sound that pulsates in hot backstreet clubs and recording studios. From Miami to Havana, the Bronx to Andalusia. A series of performances that reveal how these great Latin heroes use their extraordinary musical talent as a vehicle for storytelling, protest, sexuality and, above all, the celebration of life.
Picking up where today's headlines leave off, Startup.com examines the current troubled state of the Internet revolution, in which inflated ideals and dreams of instant wealth have been supplanted by harsh economic realities and broken promises. Graced with sensitive storytelling and a dynamic, intimate cinéma-vérité style, the film also manages to personalize this crisis with intensely private views of the people involved.
During a heat wave Michel (Laurent Lucas) and Claire (Mathilde Seigner) take their three small daughters on vacation to get away from the headaches of the farm they are trying to restore. Out of the blue a friend named Harry (Sergi López) appears who'll stop at nothing to make Michel happy.
For many years, Marie and Jean have happily spent their vacation together in the Landes region of western France. But this summer, while Marie naps on the beach, her husband goes swimming and vanishes without a trace. Tenaciously and disquietingly, Marie keeps the memory of her husband alive, often speaking of him as if he never disappeared. An offbeat study of the grieving process that will ring true for anyone who has gone through a similar personal loss.
When Francois Pignon (Daniel Auteuil), an accountant for a rubber factory, is about to be fired, he spreads a rumor that he's gay so that the company will be afraid to fire him, lest they come under fire for sexual discrimination. The ruse quickly becomes a challenge, starting when a burly homophobe (Gérard Depardieu) befriends Pignon to also keep his own job for the opposite reason.
Aiming for one of the most famed records in sports history, a pair of very different baseball players hit home runs at an impressive rate. Roger Maris (Barry Pepper), a reserved sort, is much less popular than his hard-partying New York Yankee teammate Mickey Mantle (Thomas Jane), the player who many observers think will be the one to challenge Babe Ruth's record of 60 home runs in one season. But in the summer of 1961, Maris surges ahead of Mantle, making a run at Ruth's mark.
A handsome and successful young man with a lovely fiancée (Adrienne Shelly), James Jackson (Michael Risley) seems to have everything going for him, but his life begins to unravel when he develops an acute sense of paranoia. At first, he notices little things at his office that he takes as signs that people are out to get him, but soon things escalate, with Jackson convinced that a perfume ad on television holds sinister messages aimed at him. Is Jackson losing his mind, or are the threats real?
The story of two outcast sisters, Ginger (Katharine Isabelle) and Brigitte (Emily Perkins), in the mindless suburban town of Bailey Downs. On the night of Ginger's first period, she is savagely attacked by a wild creature. Ginger's wounds miraculously heal but something is not quite right. Now Brigitte must save her sister and save herself.
At the start of the New Year, 32-year-old Bridget (Renée Zellweger) decides it's time to take control of her life -- and start keeping a diary. Now, the most provocative, erotic and hysterical book on her bedside table is the one she's writing. With a taste for adventure, and an opinion on every subject - from exercise to men to food to sex and everything in between - she's turning the page on a whole new life.
America had Al Capone; England, the Kray brothers and Australia - proving once and for all its antipodean sense of humor - has Mark "Chopper" Read. "Chopper" is inspired by the books of Mark Brandon "Chopper" Read, arguably Australia's most infamous former criminal. "Chopper" draws on police records, court transcripts, news coverage and interviews with people who knew Chopper Read.
An 1867 painting by Jean-Francois Millet inspired septuagenarian documentarian Agnes Varda to cross the French countryside to videotape people who scavenge. Taking everything from surplus in the fields, to rubbish in trashcans, to oysters washed up after a storm, the "gleaners" range from those sadly in need to those hoping to recreate the community activity of centuries past, and still others who use whatever they find to cobble together a rough art. Highlighted by Varda's amusing narration.
The lives of Julio and Tenoch, like those of 17-year old boys everywhere, are ruled by raging hormones, intense friendships, and a headlong rush into adulthood. Over the course of a summer, the two best friends, while living out a carefree cross-country escapade with a gorgeous older woman, also find connection with each other, themselves and the world around them.
"Amores Perros" is a bold, intensely emotional, and ambitious story of lives that collide in a Mexico City car crash. Inventively structured as a triptych of overlapping and intersecting narratives, "Amores Perros" explores the lives of disparate characters who are catapulted into unforeseen dramatic situations instigated by the seemingly inconsequential destiny of a dog named Cofi.
Follows the hilarious path of four African-American men as they take on love, sex, friendship and two of life's most terrifying prospects -- commitment and honesty. Lifelong friends banded together to weather love's innate terrors and occasional triumphs in this brazenly comic yet painfully true exploration of the battle between the sexes. Amidst the career track, basketball and bar hopping, "The Brothers" love women -- as many as possible -- but a shocking revelation tests their friendship.
The true story of a group of eccentric scientists who are responsible for manning a satellite dish inauspiciously located on a remote Australian sheep farm. Much to NASA's alarm, the unconventional Aussie team -- led by Cliff Buxton (Sam Neill) -- are the world's only hope for receiving the historic images of man's first steps on the moon. With help from the colorful cast of local characters, the crew struggles to overcome a series of mishaps.
Three years after leaving her small Brazilian town to get married, Darlene (Regina Casé) returns with a child but no husband. Looking for support, she finds cranky longtime townie Osias (Lima Duarte) and marries him. But soon she's caught the eye of Osias' cousin Zezinho (Stênio Garcia), and they marry, too. Finally comes mysterious and good-looking stranger Ciro (Luiz Carlos Vasconcelos), who becomes her third husband. All give her children of their own, creating an unusual but loving family.
Scientists Nancy Aulenbach and Dr. Hazel Barton look for signs of life in caves all around the world.
When George, a shy and awkward introvert, meets Alicia, a stunning Latin girl, he is instantly smitten. Unfortunately, George is due to marry a childhood friend from Nigeria in just four days' time. When Gerard, a boisterous and lovesick Frenchman stumbles into George's life, the stage is set for a gentle, humorous love story. "Jump Tomorrow" is a road-movie that weaves reality and fantasy into a comic tale of the quirks and passions of modern romance.
A German emigrant living in a trailer in Kansas is the victim of a botched sex-change operation. Adapted from the critically acclaimed off-Broadway rock theater hit, "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" tells the story of the "internationally ignored" rock singer, Hedwig, and her search for stardom and love.
"Go Tigers!" is a rare behind-the-scenes chronicling of a remarkable season for the Massillon Tiger's high school football team, played out in a small town that draws its identity from football. During the course of the season, three young stars emerge who are forced to carry the burden of the town and their teammates as they confront their uncertain future. The film was shot on location in Ohio on High Definition video.
Illegal boxing promoter Turkish (Jason Statham) convinces gangster Brick Top (Alan Ford) to offer bets on bare-knuckle boxer Mickey (Brad Pitt) at his bookie business. When Mickey does not throw his first fight as agreed, an infuriated Brick Top demands another match. Meanwhile, gangster Frankie Four Fingers (Benicio Del Toro) comes to place a bet for a friend with Brick Top's bookies, as multiple criminals converge on a stolen diamond that Frankie has come to London to sell.
A rock journalist (Gabriel Mann) arranges a meeting between a traumatized singer (Kim Dickens) and the sleazy man who raped her.
"Dogtown and Z-Boys," directed and co-written by skateboard legend-turned-filmmaker Stacy Peralta, is the story of a group of accidental revolutionaries, gifted kids who inadvertently changed the world by doing what came naturally. It is also a unique documentary event: a ground-level, eyewitness account of the birth of an organic American pop culture phenomenon.
Transcending the boundaries of technology and imagination, "Waking Life" is a revolutionary breakthrough in film animation. In "Waking Life," Wiley Wiggins ("Dazed and Confused") travels through a series of encounters and observations in a world that may or may not be reality. It is this surreal existence, flourishing with endless ideas and possibilities, that ultimately leads to the question -- Are we sleep-walking through our waking state or wake-walking through our dreams?
In a funny, moving and distinctly mind-bending journey through suburban America, one extraordinary but disenchanted teenager is about to take Time's Arrow for a ride. After surviving a freak accident, Donnie (Jake Gyllenhaal) begins to explore what it means to be alive, and in short order to be in love, he uncovers secrets of the universe that give him a tempting power to alter time and destiny.
People with special connections to chickens are interviewed in this documentary about the ubiquitous fowl. Among the many unusual anecdotes are the story of a chicken resuscitated thanks to her owner's CPR skills, a cockfight breeder whose loud roosters annoy his neighbors and a headless chicken that was a sideshow attraction for many years. Facts about the poultry industry are interspersed with the stories, providing a quirky and well-rounded portrait of the bird.
After the fall of communism in Romania, unwanted children in state orphanages escaped into the streets. These children are the subject of this documentary, which follows them into a subterranean world of hierarchy, hunger and drug use. The film focuses on five diverse children, including 12-year-old Mihai, who ran away from home due to his father's beatings, and Cristina, who passes for a boy. The filmmakers follow and record their daily lives, and the strained possibilities for reintegration.
In 19th century Qing Dynasty China, a warrior (Chow Yun-Fat) gives his sword, Green Destiny, to his lover (Michelle Yeoh) to deliver to safe keeping, but it is stolen, and the chase is on to find it. The search leads to the House of Yu where the story takes on a whole different level.
A richly imagined journey into the life and writings of brilliant Cuban author and exile Reinaldo Arenas. It spans the whole of Arenas' life, from his rural childhood and his early embrace of the Revolution to the persecution he would later experience as a writer and homosexual in Castro's Cuba; from his departure from Cuba in the Mariel Harbor exodus of 1980 to his exile and death in the United States.
A kung-fu superhero (Li Hsiu Hsien) with built-in gadgets fights an ancient demon princess (Terry Liu) and her army of monsters.
Tracing the life and teachings of Dass, a New Age mystic and author of 1971's "Be Here Now.".
Set on an American Army base in 1989, as the Berlin Wall is about to fall, "Buffalo Soldiers" takes a satiric look as these men steal, drink, fight, and make, take, and sell drugs. Elwood (Joaquin Phoenix) is the brains behind the operation, easily duping his superior (Ed Harris) and sleeping with his wife. But with the arrival of the new sergeant (Scott Glenn), everything changes. The sergeant cracks down; Elwood retaliates by dating his daughter and attempting a big weapons-for-drugs deal.
Fearing bad publicity, an innkeeper and his family bury the bodies of their ill-fated guests themselves.
Four gangsters steal a fortune from their boss and hide out in a small farmhouse, where each comes to the realization they would like to stay there and open a small restaurant.
With commentary from Hollywood stars, outtakes from his movies and footage from his youth, this documentary looks at Stanley Kubrick's life and films. Director Jan Harlan, Kubrick's brother-in-law and sometime collaborator, interviews heavyweights like Jack Nicholson, Woody Allen and Sydney Pollack, who explain the influence of Kubrick classics like "Dr. Strangelove" and "2001: A Space Odyssey," and how he absorbed visual clues from disposable culture such as television commercials.
Four young Brits meet nightly at an all-hours café to swap tales of sex and relationships. Sean (Luke de Woolfson) has no time for his girlfriend because of his job. Womanizer Vincent (James Lance) thrills the group with his stories. The timid Lenny (Enzo Cilenti) is in love with a co-worker. Jody (Kate Ashfield) suffers from a lack of confidence. When Vincent hooks up with, and ditches, Madeline (Heike Makatsch), her emotional reaction and subsequent disappearance send the gang scrambling.
An aspiring actor (Michael Gilio) questions his planned move to California after he meets a beautiful woman (Lara Phillips) at a convenience store.
In January 1942, as the United States enters World War II, a conference assembles near Berlin. SS Gen. Heydrich (Kenneth Branagh) and his associate, Lt. Eichmann (Stanley Tucci) call the meeting to discuss the "evacuation" of Germany's Jews and other undesirables, a code word for their extermination in concentration camps. To begin this Final Solution, they must change the mind of a small group of men opposed to the idea, led by Chancellor Kritzinger (David Threlfall).
In this animated movie, filmmaker Genya Tachibana begins work on a documentary about famed Japanese actress Chiyoko Fujiwara. Now well into old age, Chiyoko has become reclusive and shy about any publicity, but she eventually warms up to Tachibana and starts to relate her life story. As the decades pass, Chiyoko is transformed from a teen with big dreams into a full-blown celebrity, while her cinematic characters span various eras, from ancient Japan to the distant future.
A young Parisian (Virginie Ledoyen) must make major decisions about pregnancy, a job and her boyfriend (Benoît Magimel).
F. W. Murnau (John Malkovich) is struggling to create his silent classic "Nosferatu" on location in Eastern Europe. The director is obsessed with making this the most authentic vampire movie ever. To that end, Murnau has employed a real vampire, Max Schreck (Willem Dafoe), explaining to the crew that he is the ultimate of that new breed, the "method actor" -- trained by Stanislavsky himself. Schreck will appear only in character and only at night.
A contemporary thriller set in the world of drug trafficking. Traffic evokes the high stakes and high risks of the drug trade, as seen through a series of interrelated stories, some of which are highly personal and some of which are filled with intrigue and danger.
For thirteen extraordinary days in October of 1962, the world stood on the brink of an unthinkable catastrophe. Across the globe, people anxiously awaited the outcome of a harrowing political, diplomatic and military confrontation that threatened to end in an apocalyptic nuclear exchange between the United States and the Soviet Union. Thirteen days captures the urgency, suspense and paralyzing chaos of the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Obsessively punctual FedEx executive Chuck Noland (Tom Hanks) is en route to an assignment in Malaysia when his plane crashes over the Pacific Ocean during a storm. The sole survivor of the flight, Chuck washes ashore on a deserted island. When his efforts to sail away and contact help fail, Chuck learns how to survive on the island, where he remains for years, accompanied by only his handmade volleyball friend, Wilson. Will Chuck ever return to civilization and reunite with his loved ones?
Ulysses Everett McGill (George Clooney) is having difficulty adjusting to his hard-labor sentence in Mississippi. He scams his way off the chain gang with simple Delmar (Tim Blake Nelson) and maladjusted Pete (John Turturro), then the trio sets out to pursue freedom and the promise of a fortune in buried treasure. With nothing to lose and still in shackles, their hasty run takes them on an incredible journey of awesome experiences and colorful characters.
A big-budget movie crew descends upon a quaint New England village, sowing a bumper crop of corruption, vanity and greed in David Marnet's "State and Main"; in the days that elapse before the cameras finally roll, money will change hands, careers will be jeopardized and love will blossom in the small-town soil.
A unique relationship develops between an eccentric, reclusive novelist and a young, amazingly gifted scholar-athlete. After the novelist discovers that the young athlete is also an excellent writer and secretly takes him on as his protégé, they develop an unlikely friendship. As they learn more about each other, they learn more about themselves, and ultimately, with the help of his new mentor, the basketball star must choose the right path.
In August of 1949, Life Magazine ran a banner headline that begged the question: "Jackson Pollock: Is he the greatest living painter in the United States?" The film is a look back into the life of an extraordinary man, a man who has fittingly been called "an artist dedicated to concealment, a celebrity who nobody knew." As he struggled with self-doubt, engaging in a lonely tug-of-war between needing to express himself and wanting to shut the world out, Pollock began a downward spiral.
When mysterious Vianne and her child arrive in a tranquil French town in the winter of 1959, no one could have imagined the impact that she and her spirited daughter would have on the community stubbornly rooted in tradition. Within days, she opens an unusual chocolate shop, across the square from the church. Her ability to perceive her customers' desires and satisfy them with just the right confection, coaxes the villagers to abandon themselves to temptation -- just as Lent begins.
Arrogant young Emperor Kuzco is transformed into a llama by his power-hungry advisor -- the devious diva Yzma. Stranded in the jungle, Kuzco's only chance to get back home and reclaim the high life rests with a good-hearted peasant named Pacha. Together, they must return Kuzco to the throne before Yzma tracks them down and finishes him off.
In the Gotham City of the future, an older Bruce Wayne (Kevin Conroy) trains a college student, Terry McGinnis (Will Friedle), to replace him as Batman. Meanwhile, the Joker (Mark Hamill) has re-emerged as the leader of the Jokerz, a gang inspired by their evil hero, who was previously thought to be dead. Terry tries to stop the theft of communications gear by the Jokerz, but the Joker narrowly escapes. The truth about the Joker's life and death slowly emerges through violent confrontations.
Zora Banks (Sanaa Lathan) is a would-be singer who pays her bills working as a New York City high school music teacher. Franklin Swift (Wesley Snipes) is a financially troubled, recently divorced builder with two young children. The two meet when Zora moves from Brooklyn to Manhattan and finds Franklin working on her apartment building. Despite their very different personal lives and their difficult financial situations, the two soon fall in love and begin a steamy affair.
Trying to put himself back together after serving prison time for robbery, Paul (Liev Schreiber) takes a job as a parks employee in a small Connecticut town. His co-worker, Murph (Ned Beatty), a generation older than Paul, is dealing with his own issues, chiefly the the impending death of his very ill son. After the men have a run-in with local snob Frederickson (Campbell Scott), Murph's age and experience starts to temper Paul's fiery nature, as the younger man begins to embrace his new life.
Alex (William H. Macy) is going through a midlife crisis and it has become a very difficult time for him. His marriage is struggling, he's worried about his son, and his job of killing people for his family has become the most stressful part of his life. He seeks the help of a therapist and meets a woman in the waiting room that he connects with.
David Dunn (Bruce Willis) is the sole survivor of a devastating train wreck. Elijah Price (Samuel L. Jackson) is a mysterious stranger who offers a bizarre explanation as to why David escaped without a single scratch -- an explanation which threatens to change David's family and his life forever.
A fictional work that reconstructs the unknown fate of the Marquis de Sade, the writer and sexual deviant who was imprisoned in an insane asylum for the last 10 years of his life. The Marquis de Sade befriends the director of the asylum and shares affections with the asylum laundress. When a doctor is sent in to cure the Marquis of his supposed madness, the Marquis's rebellious character only grows stronger.
Secretary Tum (Lalita Panyopas) flirts with suicide after losing her job at a Bangkok bank. One morning, she awakes to find a box of instant noodles sitting outside her apartment door, which turns out to contain an enormous amount of cash. When the two hapless gangsters who had misdelivered the box come back to reclaim it, Tum finds herself with a pair of dead criminals in her apartment and a lot of explaining to do -- especially to her nosy neighbor, Pen.
Sammy is a single mother who is extremely protective of her 8-year old son. She is satisfied with living in the small town she grew up in and working in a local bank. When her brother Terry visits he fits the void in the life of both her and her son. Temporarily free of the constraints of single motherhood she begins to break free of her normal routine. In a string of traumatic events Sammy is torn between helping her brother and her maternal instinct to protect her son from getting hurt.
Grady (Michael Douglas) is a 50-ish English professor who hasn't had a thing published in years -- not since he wrote his award winning "Great American Novel" 7 years ago. This weekend proves even worse than he could imagine as he finds himself reeling from one misadventure to another in the company of a new wonder boy author.
The life of 11-year-old Billy Elliot, a coal miner's son in Northern England, is forever changed one day when he stumbles upon a ballet class during his weekly boxing lesson. Before long, he finds himself in dance, demonstrating the kind of raw talent seldom seen by the class' exacting instructor, Mrs. Wilkinson. With a tart tongue and a never-ending stream of cigarettes in her hand, Mrs. Wilkinson's zest for teaching is revived when she sees Billy's potential.
Set in the landscape of a rural southern town, "George Washington" is a stunning portrait of how a group of young kids come to grips with a hard world of choices and consequences. During an innocent game in an abandoned amusement park, a member of the group dies. Narrated by one of the children, the film follows the kids as they struggle to balance their own ambitions and relationships against a tragic lie.
Cousins Heather and Peter Artinian -- ages 6 and almost 2, respectively -- are deaf. Their condition could be changed by a cochlear implant, a device that stimulates hearing. The benefits are obvious, but this documentary focuses on why the children's families face a tough decision. There are concerns about how the device will change the recipient's relationship with deaf culture and whether there can ever be a true connection between those who hear sounds and those who hear only silence.
An emotionally-charged romantic epic about an extraordinary woman poised between two extraordinary men at a pivotal moment in time. Set in 1850 on the desolate and intensely beautiful island of Saint-Pierre, the film is a powerful and provocative examination of grand passions and their consequences. A single twist of fate sets the plot in motion, establishing that the twin forces of character and destiny can work together to alter lives in unexpected and even unimaginable ways.
Filmmaker Greg MacGillivray examines the mammal's behavior and intelligence. Pierce Brosnan narrates.
"Grateful Dawg" offers a unique retrospective of Jerry Garcia and David Grisman's musical kinship that reflects the true spirit of their collaboration and offers an intimate, inside look for longtime and newer fans to enjoy. Includes live Garcia/Grisman performances as well as rare and unique personal moments from the studio, backstage and home-style jam sessions. Interviews with friends and family are intertwined with live and archival elements, creating an intimate portrait.
One is the dramatic story of two young men whose friendship deteriorates as their lives take different directions. Following his release from prison, Charlie moves in with his best friend, Nick, a once promising baseball player, whose career was unexpectedly cut short when he assaulted his manager. As Charlie discovers his inherent self-worth by committing to a job, college and even love, Nick descends on a path that leads to frustration and failure.
When the sitting Vice President dies, Senator Laine Hanson is chosen by the President to be the first woman to hold the office. The selection meets with opposition from members of both parties, in particular a powerful political adversary who will seemingly stop at nothing to discredit her. Her confirmation hearings set off a firestorm of controversy as shocking secrets from Hanson's past are revealed, threatening her personal life as well as her political future.
Story of a lovable loser in pursuit of an elusive dream. Buddy, a frustrated singer with genuine talent, once had a shot at the big time. Discouraged from aiming too high by his pragmatic wife, Buddy's modest dreams of greatness have been reduced to an endless series of failed moneymaking schemes. But this time, Buddy is certain he has come up with a plan that will work. He wants to buy a two family house for him and his wife and convert the ground floor into a bar where Buddy can perform.
Imaginatively evoking the inner landscape of human beings longing to connect, to love and feel loved, the film is a parable of happiness gloriously found and tragically lost. "Requiem for a Dream" tells parallel stories that are linked by the relationship between the lonely, widowed Sara Goldfarb and her sweet but aimless son, Harry. The plump Sara, galvanized by the prospect of appearing on a TV game show, has started on a dangerous diet regimen to beautify herself for a national audience.
Everything that can possibly go wrong for groom-to-be Greg Focker (Ben Stiller) does. The problems begin with Greg's disastrous first meeting with his girlfriend's family -- most notably her intimidating father Jack Byrnes (Robert De Niro) and it's all downhill from there.
1971. A nation stands divided over the escalating war in Vietnam. Thousands of young Americans lie dead on foreign soil. And at Fort Polk, Louisiana, thousands more prepare to join them. The specter of combat hangs over the men of A-Company, Second Platoon, as they enter the final stage of infantry training. They will be sent to the war. But each man deals with this prospect in his own way. One man's defiance, however, galvanizes every member of the platoon.
"Live Nude Girls Unite!" is a fierce and funny first person documentary about a group of strippers who win the only union of exotic dancers in the United States. Stripper/Comedian Julia Query takes the audience on a turbulent journey beginning with her decision to leave graduate school and start stripping through the victory with the union, stopping along the way to tell her Jewish mother.
Newcomer Michelle Rodriguez in an astounding performance alongside Jaime Tirelli, Paul Calderon and Santiago Douglas. Nothing comes easy for Diana Guzman, a troubled girl on the brink of womanhood. Her teachers don't understand her, her father underestimates her and her friends are few. Diana struggles to find respect and dignity every day. Diana is a quick tempered young woman who finds discipline, self-respect and love in the most unlikely place -- a boxing ring.
A fresh, funny, real story about a group of gay men in Hollywood, their lovers and friends, and the often hilarious, occasionally poignant space in between -- that is if they can get any space at all. As they make their ways in the world with and without each other, they are suddenly faced with an unexpected tragedy. The group finds comfort the only way they ever have -- together.
The tension is palpable, the excitement is mounting and the heady scent of competition is in the air as hundreds of eager contestants from across America prepare to take part in what is undoubtedly one of the greatest events of their lives -- the Mayflower Dog Show. The canine contestants and their owners are as wondrously diverse as the great country that has bred them.
In Virginia, high school football is a way of life, an institution revered, each game celebrated more lavishly than Christmas, each playoff distinguished more grandly than any national holiday. And with such recognition, comes powerful emotions. In 1971 high school football was everything to the people of Alexandria. But when the local school board was forced to integrate an all black school with an all white school, the very foundation of football's great tradition was put to the test.
Selma is a Czech immigrant, a single mother working in a factory in rural America. Her salvation is passion for music, specifically, the all-singing, all-dancing numbers found in classic Hollywood musicals. Selma harbors a sad secret: she is losing her eyesight and her son Gene stands to suffer the same fate if she can't put away enough money to secure him an operation. When a desperate neighbor falsely accuses Selma of stealing his savings, the drama of her life escalates to a tragic finale.
Set in 1973, it chronicles the funny and often poignant coming of age of 15-year-old William, an unabashed music fan who is inspired by the seminal bands of the time. When his love of music lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview the up-and-coming band Stillwater -- fronted by lead guitar Russell Hammond and lead singer Jeff Bebe William embarks on an eye-opening journey with the band's tour, despite the objections of his protective mother.
For nine months prior to World War II, in an act of mercy unequalled anywhere else before the war, Britain conducted an extraordinary rescue mission, opening its doors to over 10,000 Jewish and other children from Germany, Austria, and Czechoslovakia. These children, or Kinder (sing. Kind), as they came to be known, were taken into foster homes and hostels in Britain, expecting eventually to be reunited with their parents. The majority of them never saw their families again.
Rita Vogt (Bibiana Beglau) is seduced into the terrorist movement through her sense of justice and her love for Andi (Harald Schrott). Years later, realizing the movement is falling apart, she goes underground, hiding out in East Germany. With the help of a Stasi agent named Erwin Hull (Martin Wuttke), she assumes a new identity amidst the everyday world of the working class. As much as she wants to fit in, her young co-worker Tatjana (Nadja Uhl) wants to get out, to escape to the west.
Leonard (Guy Pearce) is tracking down the man who raped and murdered his wife. The difficulty, however, of locating his wife's killer is compounded by the fact that he suffers from a rare, untreatable form of memory loss. Although he can recall details of life before his accident, Leonard cannot remember what happened fifteen minutes ago, where he's going, or why.
A man (Seoh Jung) becomes violently obsessive about the woman (Kim Yu-seok) who saved him from committing suicide.
"Dark Days" is a feature length documentary about a community of homeless people living in a train tunnel beneath Manhattan. The film depicts a way of life which is unimaginable to most of those who walk the streets above. In the pitch blackness of the tunnel rats swarm through piles of garbage and high-speed trains out of Penn station tear through the darkness.
The Toro cheerleading squad from Rancho Carne High School in San Diego has got spirit, spunk, sass and a killer routine that's sure to land them the national championship trophy for the sixth year in a row. But for newly-elected team captain Torrance, the Toros' road to total cheer glory takes a shady turn when she discovers that their perfectly-choreographed routines were in fact stolen from the Clovers, a hip-hop squad from East Compton, by the Toro's former captain.
A cultural phenomenon for our time: Spike Lee captures the comic geniuses behind the successful "Kings of Comedy" tour. In the concert feature film "The Original Kings of Comedy," acclaimed director Spike Lee brings his aesthetic sensibility and distinct style to the comedy concert film genre, as he documents the individual talents of Steve Harvey, D.L. Hughley, Cedric The Entertainer, and Bernie Mac and reveals the behind the scenes activities of a tour that continues to sell out arenas.
"The Ballad of Ramblin' Jack" is an extraordinary and remarkably humorous portrait of American folk music legend Ramblin' Jack Elliott. From his unlikely roots as the son of a Jewish doctor in Brooklyn, to his ongoing wanderings as the last of the singing cowboys, Ramblin' Jack has packed so many adventures into his 68 years that he seems more myth than man. He ran away to the rodeo at the age of fifteen, traveled and sang with Woody Guthrie, and became friend and mentor to a young Bob Dylan.
In college, Dex was the big man on campus. We meet Dex ten years after graduation as he endures one of life's humbling experiences, the college reunion. Now an overweight kindergarten teacher, Dex is immune to the shocked stares of the women who were once his conquests. While trying to pick up the bartender, he is struck by another woman the gorgeous Syd. Through a series of circumstances, Syd and Dex are thrown together and he soon finds himself questioning his belief in all things Steve.
Filmmakers Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky chronicle the appeals process of three men indicted for the murders of three children in Robin Hood Hills.
They are children of the atom, homo superior, the next link in the chain of evolution. Each was born with a unique genetic mutation, which at puberty manifested itself in extraordinary powers. In a world filled with hate and prejudice, they are feared by those who cannot accept their differences. Led by Xavier the X-Men fight to protect a world that fears them. They are locked in a battle with former colleague and friend, Magneto who believes humans and mutants should never co-exist.
"Chuck & Buck" is the story of a childlike young man who becomes fixated on his onetime best friend, now a cool, polished young record executive. Charting the collision of two individuals, once inseparable, who have responded in opposite ways to the onset of adulthood, the film takes a clear-eyed, sensitive look at childhood and the consequences of hanging onto it too tightly or renouncing it too thoroughly.
"Shower" is a heartwarming story that examines the current state of Chinese culture where cherished traditions are being abandoned by the modern world. A young, wealthy businessman's icy attitude toward his working-class background is about to thaw as he is forced to reconnect with his elderly father and mentally challenged younger brother, who together run a public bathhouse.
Mel Gibson portrays Benjamin Martin, an unassuming man who is forced to join the American Revolution when the British threaten to take his farm away from him. Together with his patriotic son, Gabriel, the pair faces the vicious Redcoats with a heroism that reflects the stubborn pride of a young country's most dedicated supporters.
This engaging stop-motion, claymation adventure tells the story of an American rooster who falls in love with a gorgeous hen on a British farm. The couple decides to run away from the farm, but they must first contend with the evil farmer who is intent on keeping them under her control. The chickens decide to attempt an escape so they don't get turned into chicken pot pies.
"Fantasia/2000" continues and builds upon Walt Disney's original idea with the creation of a new musical program interpreted by a group of distinguished Disney artists and storytellers. Adding to the fun and entertainment, celebrity hosts from the various arts appear on screen to introduce each of the segments. Included in that prestigious group are Steve Martin, Itzhak Perlman, Bette Midler, Quincy Jones, James Earl Jones, Penn & Teller and Angela Lansbury.
The story of three generations of the Sonnenscheins, a Jewish-Hungarian family that began when Hungary was ruled by the Austro-Hungarian empire, changed their name to Sors in order to survive the years of Nazi occupation, and now faces the fallout of the postwar Communist legacy.
A collegian befriends various crew members (Charles Durning, Peter Falk, Robert Forster) while working a summer internship at sea.
Twelve years after the scandalous collapse of the multimillion dollar Christian empire built by Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker, "The Eyes Of Tammy Faye" tells the fascinating inside story of the rise, fall and resurrection of "the Queen of the Eyelashes." One of the most adored and reviled women of her time, the film follows her amazing tale from her love at first sight encounter with Jim, through the glory days of PTL, to the scandal that brought both their empire and their family tumbling down.
This documentary examines the U.S. government's marijuana regulations, and how these laws have influenced public perceptions of the drug. Narrated by noted pot advocate Woody Harrelson, the film opens with a series of comically outdated anti-drug reels before chronicling America's relationship with marijuana through the decades. Filmmaker Ron Mann splices together archival footage of U.S. politicians, musicians and artists to support his weed-friendly argument.
Bumbling Chon Wang (Jackie Chan) works as an Imperial guard in the Forbidden City of China. When Princess Pei Pei (Lucy Liu) is taken hostage, Wang pursues her captors to the wild frontier land of Nevada, where he meets good-natured thief and occasional cowboy Roy O'Bannon (Owen Wilson). Using O'Bannon's love of money, Wang convinces him to help recover the princess, and together the two form a curious partnership -- the likes of which the West has never seen.
A Filipino-American teenager (Dante Basco) reluctantly attends the coming-out party his father (Tirso Cruz III) is giving for his sister.
Assembled from unseen archive footage, rare offcuts and masses of hilarious junk-culture detail from the pre-punk '70s, this inspired collage is as much passionate social history as rockumentary. Intercutting a touching, never-before-seen Sid Vicious interview with contemporary quotes from the surviving Pistols -- wittily filmed, like renegade villains, in silhouette -- Temple exposes the band's human side as never before.
Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix) takes power and strips rank from Maximus (Russell Crowe), one of the favored generals of his predecessor and father, Emperor Marcus Aurelius, the great stoical philosopher. Maximus is then relegated to fighting to the death in the gladiator arenas.
A phenomenal athlete with a unique combination of grace, power, artistry and improvisation, Jordan single-handedly redefined the image of a superstar athlete as he led the Chicago Bulls to a record six NBA title rings. Perhaps the most-recognizable athlete in the world, he was the top player of his era and may be the best player ever to wear an NBA uniform. The filmmaker offers glimpses of Jordan's early life growing up in North Carolina, his rise to fame and his off-court business moves.
In 1972 at the Los Angeles Coliseum, director Mel Stuart captures the performances of the Watts Summer Festival. Organized by Stax Records, the festival is a gathering of musicians and entertainers from the black community, brought together to remember the Watts Riots from seven years prior. Key performances include those of comedian Richard Pryor, and singers Isaac Hayes and Luther Ingram. Stuart also presents shots of the Watts streets and community along with the festival footage.
Three salesmen for a foundering industrial lubricant manufacturer hang out in their company's hospitality suite at a major convention, waiting for the arrival of a prospective customer they've privately dubbed "The Big Kahuna," whose potential sales would turn the struggling company around. Phil (Danny DeVito) plays peacemaker between the cynical, argumentative huckster, Larry (Kevin Spacey), and Bob (Peter Facinelli), the company's newest hire, whose religious sanctimony irritates Larry.
What if you had the chance to travel back in time and change just one event in your life? What would it be? For John Sullivan (Jim Caviezel), there is no question. He would undo the events of October 12, 1969, when the out-of-control Bruxton fire took the life of his father (Dennis Quaid), a heroic firefighter. Now John may get exactly what he wished for -- and much more than he bargained for.
In an ordinary suburban house, on a lovely tree-lined street, in the middle of 1970s America, lived the five beautiful, dreamy Lisbon sisters, whose doomed fates indelibly marked the neighborhood boys who to this day continue to obsess over them. A story of love and repression, fantasy and terror, sex and death, memory and longing. It is at its core a mystery story: a heart-rending investigation into the impenetrable, life-altering secrets of American adolescence.
When a German U-571 submarine with a sophisticated encryption machine onboard is sunk during a World War II battle at sea, the Allies send an American Navy force led by Lieutenant Andrew Tyler (Matthew McConaughey) to retrieve it for study. Boarding the German ship, the Americans' cover as a rescue force is quickly blown. Forced to take the crew hostage, the Americans lay their explosives and prepare to destroy the German vessel before the Nazis can send naval backup.
In New York City in 1987, a handsome, young urban professional, Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale), lives a second life as a gruesome serial killer by night. The cast is filled by the detective (Willem Dafoe), the fiance (Reese Witherspoon), the mistress (Samantha Mathis), the coworker (Jared Leto), and the secretary (Chloë Sevigny). This is a biting, wry comedy examining the elements that make a man a monster.
Young rappers in Belzunce, France, deal with the disappearance of one of their members before a concert.
During the 1960s, a computer error in Nebraska unwittingly sets off a perilous chain of events leading to a Cold War crisis. The computer sends an order to a squadron piloted by Col. Jack Grady (George Clooney) to drop a bomb on Moscow. Despite the efforts of the president (Richard Dreyfuss) to negate the false order, the crew forges on with what they think is their task. The president and his translator (Noah Wyle) are forced to reach out to the Russian leader to negotiate.
Heartbroken and struggling emotionally after his wife's death in a car accident, Bob Rueland (David Duchovny) agrees to go on a blind date set up by his friend Charlie (David Alan Grier). Though the date fizzles, sparks fly between Bob and the waitress, Grace (Minnie Driver), a recovered heart transplant patient with intimacy problems of her own. When Bob discovers Grace's heart came from his own organ donor wife, an unusual romance blossoms between the two.
A young couple (Sandrine Bonnaire, Oleg Menshikov) are trapped in the Soviet Union after being lured back by a false amnesty for exiles.
An adaptation of the hit Lloyd-Webber stage musical based on the Old Testament story of the youngest son of Jacob tells of his betrayal by his jealous brothers and of his being sold into slavery.
Ex-villain Gal Dove (Ray Winstone) has served his time behind bars and is blissfully retired to a Spanish villa paradise with a wife he adores. The idyll is shattered by the arrival of his nemesis Don Logan (Ben Kingsley), intent on persuading Gal to return to London for one last big job. Desperate not to sacrifice his enchanted existence, Dove is drawn into a shocking battle of wills with Logan, and takes part in a sensational underwater heist, risking everything to protect the woman he loves.
Rob Gordon (John Cusack) is the owner of a failing record store in Chicago, where he sells music the old-fashioned way -- on vinyl. Although they have an encyclopedic knowledge of pop music and are consumed by the music scene, it's of no help to Rob, whose needle skips the love groove when his long-time girlfriend, Laura (Iben Hjejle), walks out on him. As he examines his failed attempts at romance and happiness, the process finds him being dragged, kicking and screaming, into adulthood.
At once whimsical and profound, "Genghis Blues" chronicles the journey of blind blues legend Paul Pena as he discovers the ancient art of Tuvan throat singing and participates in the national competition. Belic's brand of freestyle filmmaking brings an infectious energy to this documentary, which is both a powerful, personal portrait of a musician and the story of a unique cultural exchange.
"The Color of Paradise" is a fable of a child's innocence and a complex look at faith and humanity. Visually magnificent and wrenchingly moving, the film tells the story of a boy whose inability to see the world only enhances his ability to feel its powerful forces.
Erin Brockovich (Julia Roberts) is a woman in a tight spot. Following a car accident in which Erin is not at fault, Erin pleads with her attorney Ed Masry (Albert Finney) to hire her at his law firm. Erin stumbles upon some medical records placed in real estate files. She convinces Ed to allow her to investigate, where she discovers a cover-up involving contaminated water in a local community which is causing devastating illnesses among its residents.
This documentary covers the plight of Stephen Matthews and his father, Melvin. Both were originally -- and wrongly -- sentenced to 35 years in prison for molesting Stephen's 5-year-old son. There was no physical evidence, and a chlamydia test was used as forensic verification, an improper use of the procedure. The latter leads to the Matthews' early release, but when the prosecution itches to put them on trial again, father and son must try to free themselves from misguided legal zealotry.
Ghost Dog (Forest Whitaker) is a contract killer, a master of his trade who can whirl a gun at warp speed and moves through this world like a phantom -- stealthy and evanescent. In the spirit of the samurai, he has pledged his loyalty to a small time mobster named Louie (John Tormey) who saved his life many years before.
Who says best friends have to be human? Not Willie Morris (Frankie Muniz), who receives a talented terrier named Skip for his birthday. With Skip's remarkable and unconventional help, Willie and Skip turn bullies into friends, tangle with hapless moonshiners, and even win the affections of the prettiest girl in school.
At his father's death, a newlywed (Anders W. Berthelsen) hires a prostitute (Iben Hjejle) to care for his mentally impaired brother (Jesper Asholt).
Frustrated with loud barking, an academic (Sung-jae Lee) wages war against dogs in his apartment building.
In a poverty-stricken village, a teacher goes away for a month and leaves a barely literate teenage girl (Minzhi Wei) in his place.
One morning a man is seized from his bed by the police and brought into an interview room and interrogated for hours. Initially he is brought in about a stolen car, but it is slowly revealed to involve a serial killing. At this time Internal Affairs is investigating the way in which investigating officers work.
Welcome to the infamous "boiler room" -- where twenty something millionaires are made overnight. Here, in the inner sanctum of a fly-by-night brokerage firm, hyper-aggressive young stock jocks peddle to unsuspecting buyers over the phone -- and are rewarded with mansions, Ferraris and more luxury toys than they know what to do with. In this unassuming Long Island enclave, Gen Xers chase the green at breakneck speeds, sometimes one step ahead of the law.
Soccer fanatic Griffin Midge repeatedly disappoints his parents. Portia Thornton sparks a relationship with a penniless refugee, much to the chagrin of her established political family. Dr. Mouldy manages to give meaning to the lives of a young couple determined to reject their newborn child. And BBC correspondent Jerry Higgins, deeply damaged from one too many war assignments, returns home to his wife and child with a new obsession, amputation.
"Kadosh" examines Mea Shearim, a Jerusalem neighborhood which guards itself and its ultra-orthodox inhabitants from the flow of contemporary urbanity or tourist populations. A classically constructed chamber piece, "Kadosh" features only seven characters, specifically revolving around the relationship between two sisters and three men.
Winnie the Pooh, Piglet, Owl, Kanga, Roo, and Rabbit are preparing a suitable winter home for Eeyore, the perennially dejected donkey, but Tigger's continual bouncing interrupts their efforts. Rabbit suggests that Tigger go find others of his kind to bounce with, but Tigger thinks "the most wonderful thing about tiggers is" he's "the only one!" Just in case though, the joyously jouncy feline sets out to see if he can find relatives.
Story of two gorgeous, young French boys who begin a passionate relationship that boils over and threatens to destroy both their lives. Shy Mathieu (Jeremie Elkaim) is 18-years-old and on summer vacation in the south of France. He spends his days lazily sunning himself at the beach, until he spies the handsome Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) and falls in love. The film, like a dream, flows back and forth between the past and present, often asking us to fill the deliberate jumps in time.
In 1977, two girls from opposite sides of the world come together and change each other's lives. Young, white Mahree Bok (Lindsey Haun) lives in apartheid South Africa with her wealthy family. Piper Dellums (Shadia Simmons), the daughter of a black U.S. congressman in Washington, D.C., prepares to welcome Mahree to the U.S. for a semester abroad. Mahree is surprised to find her host family is black, and Piper is stunned that Mahree is white. Each will have to question the assumptions she had.
Monica (Sanaa Lathan) and Quincy (Omar Epps) are two childhood friends who both aspire to be professional basketball players. Quincy, whose father, Zeke (Dennis Haysbert), plays for the Los Angeles Clippers, is a natural talent and a born leader. Monica is ferociously competitive but sometimes becomes overly emotional on the court. Over the years, the two begin to fall for each other, but their separate paths to basketball stardom threaten to pull them apart.
"The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg" is a humorous and nostalgic documentary about an extraordinary baseball player who transcended religious prejudice to become an American icon. Detroit Tiger Hammerin Hank's accomplishments during the Golden Age of Baseball rivaled those of Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig.
Backtracking from his suicide as a broken and depressed man, this film recounts the life of Yong-ho (Kyung-gu Sol), from his tragic demise to his innocent and idealistic youth, in reverse order. In between, he is a student with photography aspirations, a solider, a police officer and eventually an investor who losses a small fortune in the stock market. He is also a husband, but his marriage to Hong-ja (Yejin Kim) leaves them both unhappy as Yong-ho continues to obsess over someone else.
The time is now. The scene is a ringside table at a boxing match, held at a deluxe London hotel. At the head of the table sits Gangster (Malcolm McDowell), the undisputed king of London's gangland. Life couldn't be sweeter, until Gangster learns that Freddie Mays is being released from prison. Freddie Mays, his old boss and mentor, is coming out after doing 30 years for murder. Hearing Freddie Mays' name, even after all these years, stirs up a frightening well of emotions in Gangster...
In this animated feature, Arsene Lupin III, the world's most daring thief, pulls off a heist at a Monte Carlo casino. But, when he discovers his haul is nothing more than a pile of counterfeit bills, Lupin traces the money to a villainous count in the small country of Cagliostro. With his trusty comrades, Lupin travels to Cagliostro, where he meets a beautiful but unhappy princess. As Lupin tries to unravel the count's secrets, he find himself drawn into a bigger mystery.
Scientists freeze a radioactive dinosaur and contend with a horde of lethal creatures formed from its cells.
42 9th graders are sent to a deserted island. They are given a map, food, and various weapons. An explosive collar is fitted around their neck. If they break a rule, the collar explodes. Their mission: kill each other and be the last one standing. The last survivor is allowed to leave the island. If there is more than one survivor, the collars explode and kill them all.
The mutant superhero (David Mattey) rises from the sludge to save a group of students held hostage in Tromaville.
In California, a group of women struggle with personal problems as their paths intertwine in unexpected ways. Dr. Elaine Keener (Glenn Close), the sole caretaker for her aging mother, turns to tarot card reader Christine (Cameron Diaz) for spiritual aid. Christine grapples with her own angst due to her lover's debilitating illness. Meanwhile, a bank manager (Holly Hunter) deals with an unwanted pregnancy, two sisters pursue romantic interests and a housewife gets back into the dating game.
In Paris, one incident is seen through the eyes of several people -- Anne (Juliette Binoche), a stressed actress thirsty for success; her boyfriend Georges (Thierry Neuvic), who is a photographer; Romanian immigrant Maria (Luminita Gheorghiu), who is not legally allowed to work in France and Amadou, (Ona Lu Yenke), a caring teacher who is sympathetic to marginalized people. All become swept up in racial tensions and legal issues that stem from a single, careless act of littering.
